This is the most postmodern war ever. No-one talks about the actual war but just the perception outsiders have about the war. It almost feels like the fighters themselves are insignificant compared to the social media war.
I really like this thought, I think you’re completely correct, we have a fracturing of objective truths with no true North Star of reality and the perception of the perception is the true battleground.
The 2014 invasion of Crimea was arguably the first incidence of this.  But I agree that this is "bigger" in scope.
I mean how old is the quote "The first causality in war is truth?" I'm not saying your point is wrong, it just seems to be an old story. "Remember the Maine!"
We’re in a groupthink world now. If you subscribe to x ideology you’re expected to follow all the other ideas that come with it. I can’t stand the political parties because I generally vote blue (honestly it’s been straight ticket the last two election cycles) but if I have even one opinion that does not follow the liberal think tank then I will get harassed incessantly for not falling in line. Same thing goes with republicans.

ANYWAYS that’s why this war is so polarizing people have chosen their camps and are going to spin the narrative in the best way possible to fit their worldview. For most people on the left it’s that the IDF is a genocidal war mongering brutalist regime that’s on a mission to kill every Palestinian with dictator like efficiency. Every article you read that leans hard left will support this. There is almost no room for nuance and you’ll be ousted by your own party for saying “wait a minute that doesn’t make sense”.
This is also not me endorsing the IDF I think in many cases they have gone way too far and I do sympathize with the average innocent Palestinian that is struggling to get by. But I can’t stand when people act like certain groups are holier than thou. I overheard the other day an individual saying they understand why Hamas did it and they support them, I just can’t imagine being so anti-IDF that you start supporting one of the worst groups on the planet.
War is politics by other means.
What happens when we contribute unknowingly and intentionally to normalizing the weaponization of information. Don't know who's pushing what agenda or where, influence has no red lines until it crosses humanistic thresholds, and even then we can only make assumptions and quote the obvious pushers from mainstream media.  We think we know what's going on. But the truth is, it's you on strings doing the barking for the schemers that prey they can create just the right narrative for large scale conflict. Like that's going to solve all the problems our Planet is burdened to face over the next 100's of years.
It has to be that way.  Hamas is so totally outclassed militarily, their only hope of victory is to PR their opposition into an agreeable position.
Which is why israel is doing what it’s doing. They’re fighting an actual war while Hamas is relying on propaganda and western perception to try and win
Metal Gear Solid 2 predicted this in 2001, crazy how some pieces of media are this prophetic
On the first days of Covid, people picked sides. Either you were scared and distancing, or you rejected all rules about distancing and vaccines. And people rarely changed sides later on.
Here it seems the same. Either you support Israel fighting terrorists at any cost, or you support the freedom of Palestinians at any cost. And people won't change sides.
I'm not sure if I'd call it the most postmodern war, but it certainly is up there in terms of it being a war we're social media heavily controls the narrative.
Baudrillard wrote an essay on the Gulf War as the first hyperreal was due to the heavily controlled narrative that the US government allowed.  We've since seen that in just about every war since and we've seen heavy social media narratives since Afghanistan.  Ukraine was one of the first wars where it felt like almost all of the narrative was dictated by social media, but the current Israeli/Palestinian conflict certainly seems to take it a little further.
You've just nailed the uncanny feeling I've had about this whole thing that I haven't been able to put into words
Imagine in a few years when we won't be able to tell if a video is real or AI-made. Reminds me a lot of 1984 with endless wars where no one knows anymore how it started, how's it going, who's winning, who's losing...
I can promise you the fighters are not insignificant it’s the pontificators that are you have it mixed. Just cause social media sides with Hamas doesn’t mean Hamas has more rockets to fire. It doesn’t mean Israel has less. 
The social media war is litterally nothing and doesn’t affect the fighting. Weapons and trained soldiers do. They could give 2 shits about losing the social media war if it means winning the real war.
I think its just the fact of the nature of this war.
The Palestinians cannot defeat Israel militarily. They also are unlikely to win by attrition the way the vietcong or taliban won against the US.
Therefore their only real viable strategy is to hurt Israel's image internationally with propaganda.
Well, what can people really talk about aside from their perceptions?
Media if all sorts have been used since time immemorial for political lies and propaganda, and we’re more aware of it than ever.
So we’re not fighting on the ground, only somewhat certain that there’s an actual war going on and not some minor clashes in the streets…and we’re told repeatedly that the opinion of the international community is vital to the conflict.
We know we’re being lied to by both sides so what else are we really going to talk about?  The released footage is massaged by whoever staged it…or are we arguing that it’s not staged?
So yeah we’re talking about the perception.  The perception is the point of the articles being published in the first place, might as well run with it.
>It almost feels like the fighters themselves are insignificant
In which war had this been untrue?
I think this from Pew today sums up the general geographical area I live in perfectly (US).  On social, this is a huge hot button issue. In real life, it's this:
&#x200B;
"This issue is challenging for many people – both emotionally and in terms of understanding the specifics of the war. Many Americans are also disengaged: Relatively few (22%) say they are closely following news about the war, and half can correctly report that more Palestinians than Israelis have died since the war’s start. On many questions about the war, sizable numbers express no opinion."
[https://www.pewresearch.org/2024/03/21/majority-in-u-s-say-israel-has-valid-reasons-for-fighting-fewer-say-the-same-about-hamas/](https://www.pewresearch.org/2024/03/21/majority-in-u-s-say-israel-has-valid-reasons-for-fighting-fewer-say-the-same-about-hamas/)
Gaza is in kind of a media blackout -- Israel isn't letting reporters from outside into the Gaza strip, and many have been killed covering the war.
There's definitely a shortage of first-hand information coming from the war zone, in a way that there isn't in other conflicts like the war in Ukraine.
[https://cpj.org/2024/03/journalist-casualties-in-the-israel-gaza-conflict/](https://cpj.org/2024/03/journalist-casualties-in-the-israel-gaza-conflict/)
It’s always been a more social issue. Mainly because it’s 70 years of Israel winning against the Palestinians.
That is the literal strategy of HAMAS. Make enough of a social media stink to get what they want from Israel. Edit: Downvoting doesnt undo reality. Can't refute what the literal leader of hamas said.
I got a hunch that fighters do not feel that way.
Trump was hopefully the apotheosis of postmodernism inserting itself into reality.
> It almost feels like the fighters themselves are insignificant compared to the social media war.
because for the 'white israel bad' crowed it is
Reminds me of when I saw a picture of a guy trying to shoot an RPG out a hospital window. And all I saw in the news was that they attacked a hospital. No mention of someone shooting at them from inside
I’ve never been someone to be like a grumpy old man ranting about the media. But the media fucked up over this. The terrorists know they can attack from “safe places” without being in the headlines. So they will keep doing it. Cause all the world sees is “Israel attacked another hospital”. Shame on you all who do this
it's insane to me how manny "how dare israel attack this school and that hospital"
u fucking piece of shit how dare you write that article while fucking knowing damn well why they attacked it.
BECAUSE IT'S THEIR BASE OF OPERATIONS YOU FUCKERS.
[deleted]
The media loves framing things in terms the viewers/readers understand easily. Israel/Palestine is an underdog story as far as they're concerned, and in that story, the underdog has to be the hero.
Beginning around the late 00s, I noticed the media shifted from covering this conflict normally to becoming the Palestinians’ lawyers. Now they start with the conclusion that Israel is wrong and work backwards to fill in the reasoning. If they need “experts” to provide the substance, they just call some anti-Israel NGOs to give a quote.
The craziest thing is that this is against international law. Under international law, if an enemy combatant is using a civilian "safe place" for military purposes, then that location ceases to be treated as a such and is allowed to viewed as a valid military target by the other side. This law is put specifically in place to discourage the practice of using civilian "safe places" for military purposes.
Apparently, as long as you're the underdog, the media will always be on your side. International law doesn't apply to you and you can commit whatever war crimes you want. This sets an extremely dangerous precedent and I'm sure every non-state actor is watching this conflict very closely.
Honestly this was Hamas plan all along. They’ve thought about the social implications and basically used that to their advantage. Now we have teens and young adults praising Hamas for being the freedom fighters and not the people who literally killed civilians in their homes on October 7th. We’re trying to justify violence with violence and nothing makes sense anymore. This will only empower more people
**If you can’t blame the Jews it won’t make the news**
Yeah… it’s like who the fuck is using civilians as human shields? Hamas is not the IDF.
The truth is dead. Every article is propaganda. Every post is bait. All politics is performance art and all that matters is getting the audience riled up to call for the deaths of somebody, anybody, literally doesn’t matter who as long as the people have someone to hate
They didn't fuck up, they do it deliberately.
They are complicit.
What happens when a Hamas member rapes and murders a woman and films it and then shares it with the world?
He gets cheered as a hero and recieves money and adulation.
Imagine an Israeli soldier doing that to a palestinian woman. What do you think the reaction in Israel and the world would be?
>The terrorists know they can attack from “safe places” without being in the headlines. So they will keep doing it. Cause all the world sees is “Israel attacked another hospital”. Shame on you all who do this
Yeah, but we also must recognize that the hostages are hostages. It sucks. But we can still expect people to do things the right way even if their enemies aren't. That's why people can be critical of Hamas and IDF.
Still doesn’t excuse bombing a hospital. Like if you lived in an apartment building and a neighbor shoots at the police so they bomb the whole building. Not quite proportional or excusable.
Stupid question:   Wasen't the hospital they raided before?  Does that mean *they went back to that fucking hospital after IDF left?*
Yep, same hospital.
Israel's taken out about all the senior leadership outside of Rafah, so it's mostly only kids and morons left, usually both. Largely, they don't have anyone left who knows how to run a war; their tunnel network is shot to pieces (and if parts of it are intact, are you willing to bet your life that the IDF hasn't found it, as opposed to they did and bugged it and are watching you right this very moment); and their lines of communication are down and/or being monitored (and there are informants everywhere). It seems stupid, and it is, but it's a forced error: they can disperse and get hunted down one by one, or meet up in a non-hospital and get bombed, or meet up in a hospital.
Or surrender themselves and release the hostages, but let's be realistic.
If there are 800 terrorists in a single building, the name hospital can only be hypothetical
It is more like a complex of multiple buildings, but yeah I have explored this on Google maps and it isn't even a big area. 800 is a lot.
The surprise nature of the raid seems to have caught them off guard. We can assume with the prior incursion into Shifa that enough warning was given for them to vacate, this time they are trapped.
I’m not taking sides here and not saying this is even what’s happening, but from the Muslim worlds perspective, they believe IDF is labeling every male between the ages of 14 and dead as terrorists.
The numbers are astronomical 
When I heard the initial reports that our army went into Shifa again because of intelligence, I seriously thought they’d find the high ranking guy and maybe a dozen grunts around him for security.
Not hundreds.
maybe it will advance hostage negotiations to have reasoned words and prisoners rather than just words
[removed]
Pretty damning of all the NGOs there that said nothing.
i read yesterday there was a tipoff that Hamas had returned. so at least someone has a conscience there
At this point, they're part of Hamas. 
Absolutely insane and disgraceful the way Arab news sites are either entirely ignoring this, or putting on their usual spin/framing. Here's a few examples:
[Israeli military says 90 people killed in Gaza’s al-Shifa Hospital raid](https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2024/3/20/israeli-military-says-90-people-killed-in-gazas-al-shifa-hospital-raid)
[Israeli forces destroy al-Shifa surgical building and order evacuation](https://www.middleeasteye.net/news/israel-palestine-gaza-war-al-shifa-hospital-building-destroyed)
[Israeli forces launch new attack on Gaza’s al-Shifa Hospital](https://www.aljazeera.com/program/newsfeed/2024/3/18/israeli-forces-launch-new-attack-on-gazas-al-shifa-hospital)
[Israel tells Palestinians to surrender as it attacks hospital](https://www.middleeasteye.net/live/gaza-israel-hamas-palestine-war-conflict)
The Shifaa operation is focused on Israeli media and largely ignored on Arab media (or mentioned as a war crime against doctors) because it would discriminate their narrative that Hamas doesn't use hospitals as bases.
Yes. JPost. Much more impartial. The irony of your post is outstanding. Love the "their usual spin" part, as if news sites don't put "their usual spin."
I was listening to NPR this morning and they were talking about IDF torturing doctors at Al Shifa with no mention of the 140 terrorists and 650 suspects. I always try and look at things objectively so I’m confused about the total lack of objectivity from organizations like NPR and the BBC who are meant to provide a balanced perspective on the news rather than ignoring facts to push a narrative.
BBC and balanced perspective? Try to find BBC news from 90s about Israel - arab conflict. They always on arab side.
If the the last 6 months have taught the world anything, it's that antisemitism is deeply embedded in some cultural and professional milieu. Unfortunately, painfully, the left seems to be a somewhat unexpected hot-spot for a particularly loud, know-nothing version that's fixated on a victim/underdog fetish.
> confused about the total lack of objectivity from organizations like NPR and the BBC who are meant to provide a balanced perspective 
The realization that NPR and BBC have an intrinsic bias against Israel, and increasingly a pro-Hamas one, came as a dismal shock to many of us. But IIRC there have been credible accusations against both for years.
So many people are being misinformed by media and NGOs that they should be able to trust.
I dont blame people for thinking they know about the conflict. It was realizing that major news media is literally lying and then issuing bs “corrections” three weeks later that no one reads that really made me question where I stand with all this
There is a reactionary behavior, deeply ingrained in the left, that if one group is slightly more brown and slightly more poor, than they must absolutely be the victim of whatever other side does. 
This isn't to say this is never the case, but they certainly do like to paint over any nuance a situation may have with a pretty heavy-handed brush 
I think we’ve hit a point where if they acknowledge this then their entire narrative they’ve been pushing gets thoroughly unravelled. I would like to believe they are doing everything imaginable to try and discredit the story before having to admit it’s true, but at this stage I’m beginning to doubt they have any intention of telling the truth whatsoever.
BBC is still “investigating” the credibility of the rabid antisemites they’ve been using as sources in the region despite their opinions and bias being the only transparent thing about them.
I call it National Palestinian Radio these days.
Unfortunately, a balanced perspective doesn't make as much money as catering to one side. Journalistic integrity being the standard died decades ago. We are in the age of hot takes and sensationalism.
How do we know this news source isn’t a narrative either? People choose what they want to believe on either side.
Soft bigotry of low-expectations, this time for terrorists!
Its the result of the success of the neoracist movement lead by Ibrahim X. Kendi and others that started at Harvard and is now everywhere, usually under the banner of "DEI".  It is the intellectual foundation of modern antisemitism, just like social Darwinism was the intellectual foundation of antisemitism 100 years ago.
According to the neoracist ideology, there is no such thing as a white person who is not racist - all white people are racist, and can only absolve themselves of their inborn racism by adopting neoracism (i.e., DEI/affirmative action) as a way to atone for it.
According to the neoracist ideology, the world is also divided into ethical, moral persons of color on one side, and immoral, colonist white Europeans on the other side.  Thus it is easy to distinguish "right" from "wrong" in any conflict where the parties at war are different "races", and the conflict in Israel is the prime example: Israelis are (mainly) Jews, so they are considered "white" colonists; the Palestinians are dark-skinned, so they are considered "colored" "natives" being exploited by evil white people.  
The neoracist ideology does not permit any examination of any of the actual issues that may divide groups of people (e.g., Israelis and Palestinians) because all of those issues are believed to result from the exploitative aspect inherent in white-skinned persons, and so the solution is to "get rid" of the white "colonists".
It's messed up, but it is everywhere now.  Starting in elementary school white Americans are now taught that they are secretly racist (i.e., prone to commit "microaggressions" because of their inherent racism), and they are indoctrinated into the ideology over the course of childhood until the university hammers it home by making adoption of the ideology a requirement (that is, to espouse views against affirmative action for example, means someone cannot attend Harvard because Harvard rescinds acceptances to anyone who is discovered to have espoused beliefs that are not sanctioned by neoracism).
And now the NYT/NPR/BBC/WaPo newsrooms are full of white people who believe that morality is a function of race, that race is the central organizing principle of humanity, and that they themselves are secretly racist and have to work everyday to overcome their inherent racism, i.e., by bending to accommodate the most extreme neoracist positions without ever questioning them.  That is why these newsrooms literally never report on a battle that Hamas is actually involved in; to do so would require saying that a person of color was engaged in something immoral, and such would be a betrayal of the principles of neoracism.
Do you consider this information more objective?
The Brits are still butt hurt about being forced out of Palestine in 1947, and the British Foreign Service has a long history of anti-Semitism and pro-Arabism, think Lawrence of Arabia. NPR has no excuse whatsoever.
I gave up on NPR news.
I really find it difficult to beleive that the IDF is torturing Hamas doctors. Unless NPR considers their torture to mean that they are prevented from working at the hospital where the IDF is fighting. Or that they were arrested because they found the doctor was engaged in fighting against the IDF.
NPR regularly refers to Hamas terrorists under 18 as "Palestinian children", as in "2 Palestinian children were killed today by IDF forces in the West Bank" with zero context.
Both BBC and NPR are balanced in terms of political leanings, but unfortunately antisemitism is a nonpartisan phenomenon.
NPR has never been balanced.
Try reuters
Can someone provide a link to the NPR story? Looking at the morning edition playlist I can't find any stories that appear related to this.
https://www.npr.org/programs/morning-edition/
NPR is far from objective. They make almost no attempt to hide their bias aside from occasionally claiming they’re “non-partisan”
NPR has a huge left wing bias
Well if Hamas said they did it, I BELIEVE THEM! 
/s
i'm just curious what their actual sources were - gaza health ministry? UNWRA?
I wouldn't call the BBC or NPR unbiased sources. More objective than others like The Daily Mail or Fox News but not nearly as neutral as Reuters or the AP.
I listen to NPR frequently and note a bit of a left bias but overall am pretty happy with them.  All of their Israel-Palestine conflict so far seems balanced on a national level, and I can't find a story today of them reporting doctors being tortured by IDF.  Where was this reported?
Ah yes, the very balanced and totally truthful perspective from the IDF. Whatever the tilt of BBC, you can't possibly believe the IDF is unbiased here.
You say this, but this is an article published in jpost. If you're trying to offset your bias maybe this isn't the best place.
The hospitals are just giant human shields for Hamas and for some reason the Hamas PR machine wins.
I bet he considered Hamas terrorists and not freedom fighters! /s
Because IDF doesn't have pictures of 140 dead and hundreds of arrested terrorists.
When they do grudgingly release pictures the bodies will be in hospital garments or a few identified as hospital staff.
Then Hamas will claim hundreds of civilian casualties.
And the cycle continues. 
I initially upvoted you because I thought you were joking because that is an insane thing to think unitonically.
Sounds like the setup to a joke. "So 800 terrorists walk into a hospital..."
Al Shifa “Hospital”
I’m completely ignorant about this, but can someone tell me how a hospital consistently has like hundreds of terrorists in it?
This is the same hospital that Israel found a Hamas command post beneath several months ago when they first pushed through this area of Gaza. Hamas places their HQs in places like this specifically because they are supposed to be protected by international law, and if Israel attacks them, the media get to publish “ISRAEL ATTACKS HOSPITAL” headlines, furthering Hamas’s cause.
In this specific case, Israel swept this area, then left to allow Palestinian civilians to return. They don’t have enough troops to completely occupy every single inch of Gaza, and have no interest in doing so anyway. Once they left, a bunch of Hamas fighters that had disguised themselves as civilians and/or fled south with the refugees returned to try and set back up their command and control infrastructure. According to the IDF reports, a staff member at the hospital tipped off the IDF about Hamas trying to sneak back into their command post, and the IDF showed up and captured potentially hundreds of Hamas fighters, killing at least one high-ranking commander that we know of.
Consistently? It didn't. 
Back during the beginning of the war Israel raided it because they had intelligence that Hamas had tunnels connected to it, including an HQ underneath it. There was also video evidence of Hamas ppl bringing wounded hostages into the hospital to get treated. 
Now? The hospital is effectively abandoned, in an area that has been bombed out. Its seems like it was here being used as a gathering place, hence the large numbers. This raid is the IDF circling back to the hospital after getting intel about it.
male between 18 and 55? -> terrorist
The fear of being labeled an Islamophobe vastly exceeds the fear of appearing antisemitic in journalism circles. Ergo, a blinkers on pov
Yea, I really don't get why the western world treats islam as some kind of minority... There are 1.9 billion Muslims and only 15.7 million Jews. Begrudging them a strip of desert seems petty. But I guess antisemitism runs deep in both Islam and Christianity.
Such an underappreciated point.
I'm curious what outlets like Al Jazeera are saying about this. Like are they even mentioning civilian casualties or anything? 
Because on the one hand they don't want to give credence that Hamas was at this hospital in massive numbers, and by giving civilian casualty numbers it proves they were, but they also want to say Israel attacked this hospital for no reason.
Theres a comment above yours with links, but something like "x people killed in hospital", or "israel attacks hospital". The usual BS.
Al Jazeera NEVER, and I repeat, NEVER, says "Israel killed x amount of fighters" (let alone  militants or terrorist)
They just say "Palestinian killed". for Example, if the IDF spokesperson says "we eliminated 20 terrorists in Khan Yunis in the past 24 hours" They write "IDF spoks said they killed 20 Palestinians".
They also do the same inside Israel and the WB,the best example I can think of is the terror attack inside a synagouge a few years ago,where a terrorist with a hatchet killed a bunch of jews. The headline was just:
"X jews and 1 Palestinian dead inside synagouge after Israeli cops open fire inside "
Infact there was a terror attack on Israeli bus this morning, and the perp got blown by an aerial vehicle after being tracked down with a drone, so you can enter AJ and read about how a " Palestinian "  was brutally killed
outside of Gaza by an Israeli airstrike which is quite a rare occurance.
Sounds like a good start. 
At least they're already at the morgue.
thats not enough terrorists killed
“According to Hagari, terrorists continued to hide in the hospital's maternity ward, vowing that the IDF would reach everyone. "If you surrender, you will not be killed," he said.”
Surely there are some bodycam footage Hamas hiding/fighting in the hospital.  Now is a good time to release them to show the doubters…
Israelis have been pretty pissed specifically about this. Everyone in Israel is pretty upset, reasonably so, that the IDF and leadership will show proof to relevant international legal/leadership and media bodies, but won’t go public with the evidence all these groups have verified. But I think part of the problem is that the internet looks way more biased against Israel than what polls have been showing around the world.
Pretty successful operation.
Keep going till the job is finished.
for sure, but how many more are there. if we are saying hamas had like 30k "fighters", not counting the general population....and this is 1k in one swoop.....plus all the other fighting
Npr is garbage
How did they confirm 140 people killed are terrorist?
It's not a bombing raid, It's the people with the guns.
Probably had something to do with the battle?
Well you see, they're Palestinian men, so they _must_ be terrorists.
Keep it coming IDF, very well done.
Good riddance, keep getting those terrorists!
Finish the job.
Strong operation from IDF. Well done!
Excellent work! 
Edit: downvoters align themselves with Hamas
Everyone's a terrorist after they've been shot and killed by the IDF.
*After they shot at the IDF
Probably going to get downvoted to shit because this is by far the loudest echo chamber circlejerk on reddit currently but you guys really take “the Jerusalem Post” at face value? Think for 5 seconds, rub those few unrotten braincells together and you might realize these “terrorists” are likely just mostly innocent Palestinians. You motherfuckers couldn’t recognize a terrible news source if it was dancing on a table in front of you naked singing “I’m a terrible news source lalalalala”.
How do you know they are "likely innocents"? Your own bias. Israel is kinda trustworthy. And it is confirmed there were some minor commanders there, so it makes sense their soldiers are with them too.
Excellent
How many innocent people were killed
Funny, I find myself slightly distrustful of anything IDF says.
People still believe anything that comes from Israeli media sources? lol
Do you have proof they’re lying about this?
Who would you have us believe? Russian propagandists who defend Hamas using 11 year old language to project elitism believing it draws contempt to whoever they point it at? (It doesn’t).
Russian propagandists are famous for telling the truth always and selling outrage and hate never.
There are 3 sides, Israel/Palestine or the people who want to know whats really happening but only the first 2 sides bring out their info and they want to favor their own side so they are both full of shit with maybe a small sprinkle of truth in it. Israel will just keep going what ever the world says.  So best thing to do if your not connected to it just dont follow any of the news that comes out of it
Israel are definitely telling the truth this time everyone
As opposed to what, Iranian backed Hamas who are openly waging a war on Israel, while using Palestinian people as props and shields?
Oh the old good tactic of deny anything Israel says and believe everything Hamas claims.
hamas can suck my fat dick. Downvote me if youre an iranian proxy
2,000 civillians dead then, I take it
They arrest the whole hospital!?
"Terrorists" smdh
Terrorists, every last one, according to the IDF warmongers.  Even the unborn.  'Amalek'.
All those people calling for ceasefire now on social media become awfully quiet when this sort of thing comes up don't they.
Your last post talks about how you want to destroy the united stats and all the other countries in the world lol.
Then you continue by talking about wanting to become a demon.
Wouldn't say you are the most stable person here
You will do anything except accepting the truth
War, war has changed...
War never changes.
I’m assuming they’re killing indiscriminately in a similar way compared to terrorists.
Almost certainly. Neither Hamas nor the IDF give a single fuck about civilian casualties.
"Terrorists"
Yes. Terrorists. Last time I checked doctors and patients didn't have guns to shoot the IDF with. And also, even Hamas themselves have said that Hamas members died in this raid.
If someone is hiding inside a hospital with a weapon while not wearing any uniforms and having civilians near him he is a terrorist.
How is MSM reporting this? I just can’t help but think ‘the Jerusalem post’ is going to be biased or they’ll inflate numbers
Is it because they are an Israeli source, which means that they must inflate numbers right off the bat? 
Talk about bias.
I don’t believe them
Wish you could tell me why I should care about terrorists being killed?
You can pretty easily do this. Just go to your local hospital with a gun and start shooting at random innocent people through the window. Law enforcement will be there in no time to deal with you, and then you can cry about how the brutal police officers have assaulted a hospital.
Remember when hamas brutally murdered hundreds of innocent civilians at a music festival?
This isn’t an invasion. This is finishing the war Hamas started.
You don't have to wish, all you have to do is pick up a gun and start shooting them, then after you get blown away into a million prices you can cry about how you were just an innocent bystander
Terrorist IDF killing natives raping women burning them alive.
There’s an image of the terrorists mugshots in the article, if you look close there are lots of duplicated faces (not just similar looking)
Holocaust survivors creating another Holocaust. Clap!
But Israel is the problem here.
It's funny because I'm in both the Israeli and Palestinian subs just to get a sense of how both sides are talking about the conflict, and the way that both will discuss the exact same articles in wildly different ways is so interesting.
> we have a fracturing of objective truths with no true North Star of reality and the perception of the perception is the true battleground.
Its something I hard Dan Carlin say in his Common Sense podcast a few years ago. 
Back in the day, we had a set of facts and then debated on how to interpret those facts. 
Now each side has their own completely independent set of facts, and people are living in different realities. It makes solving anything like this impossible.
I second this, really well-put, fellow redditors.
This is true for everything now, every nation’s internal politics is now dominated by this and is susceptible to external forces including other nation states efforts to manipulate reality.
That’s always been true about war
I mean it’s probably closer to the truth than we get with most wars from the past where most people bought into the mainline propaganda and didn’t have as much information. With all the propaganda sources we are being fed we’re probably more informed than ever
It's a human desire to simplify the nuances into a yes/no - true/false dichotomy.  It makes the world explainable and thus feel controllable.  Pick a side and buy into it so you can go about life thinking about the more important things like food on the table and crops in the field.  This was fine when the world wasn't so intertwined and your world literally was the village or small town you lived in from cradle to grave.
And part of the reason it’s so controversial and mean this war is the lines for this don’t fall along traditional party lines. 
People are actively fighting for their view to be the party line.
If you try to actually have your own thoughts and not subscribe to one or the other side you get called "enlightened centrist". Like jesus christ just fuck off, political discourse is just so garbage at this point its insane.
[In a nutshell](https://i.imgur.com/ei5ODso.png)
This really bothers me because I"ve experienced it too. I also vote for Democrats much more often than not, especially in recent years, but it's upsetting to see the reaction to any point of disagreement. The reaction to any criticism of 'green' energy solutions is an example that came to mind quickly. Immediate accusations of 'they're all in the pocket of big oil' is disgusting. Discussing potential downsides and risks of various green energy 'solutions' shouldn't be an invitation for insults and accusations, but it is. I wonder how many 'liberals' even read the research behind the headlines. I strongly suspect the answer to that is 'not many.' Why was a wind farm built beside a sanctuary for endangered birds? Out of all the possible locations, why did anyone believe that was a good idea. Criticism of that sort of stupidity should not be dismissed as 'paid off by big oil.'
> I just can’t imagine being so anti-IDF that you start supporting one of the worst groups on the planet.
IDF are a brutal and often trigger happy modern army.
Hamas are cartoon villains, but in real life.
Crimes don't have a side, people need to be held accountable. Hamas is a response to heinous crimes and their actions will never justify their own crimes.
Politics is war by other means.  Violence existed long before civilization.
>War is politics by other means.
"war is a continuation of politics by other means"
Carl Von Clausewitz - Prussian General
See, I don’t think that’s the case. Palestine has had so many opportunities for success, by any measure other than destroying Israel. Their leadership just chooses not to take them. 
There’s also the very real risk of winning the PR war short term, and simultaneously destroying your long-term chances by acting so immorally that you are completely disowned and vilified when the truth does come out. 
Or another way to look at it, is winning the PR war but losing your soul. If the Palestinian people ever fully realize how thoroughly Hamas has screwed them, Hamas will be absolutely demolished.
Nailed it. Hamas is basically just a poorly thrown together paramilitary, they don’t have much money or resources, but they’re very smart when it comes to propaganda. It’s really their only effective weapon that they have, and it’s working really well.
Poor propaganda from both sides. Both too focused on muddying the waters. Makes the situation incomprehensible to anyone who isn’t fixed in a narrative.
>Hamas is so totally outclassed militarily
By which you mean, the main things Israel is fighting are defenseless civilians, children and their own people taken hostage.
The Palestinian nationalist war has always been for public perception and they have sacrificed morality to win it. 
The minute you realise that the minute you understand the entire thing, it explains the entire situation.
>They’re fighting an actual war
An actual war would be Ukraine and Russia, where full scale modern armies are clashing and hundreds of thousands are dying on both sides.
Israel is dealing with terrorist embedded among and under (in tunnels!) the population. They are between a rock and a hard place since civilians are going to get killed at higher levels as they attempt to root them out.
The longer the conflict goes on and civilian causalities continue rise along with suffering (hunger, disease etc), the tougher it gets for Israel to control the narrative  in a positive way and damage is being done to Israel's reputation.
This is why Oct 7 was such a tragedy for Israel. It was a failure of Israel's security apparatus of the highest order. It should have never happened and was due to incompetence. Israel lost the initiative and was put on the back foot. It has been costly to Israel with regards to economic damage, lost of life and reputation.
This is why I want Bibi gone. I hold him responsible. Time for for the best minds in Israel to retake the initiative and put itself back on the front foot. Israel cannot afford to make too many of these blunders. Their survival depends on being ahead of the curve in a tough and ruthless neighborhood.
You do know that Israel helped to create Hamas, right?  And it's been publicly stated that they even helped fund and propel Hamas to create more instability within the Palestinian government?  You know, kind of like how America helped to fashion Al Qaeda and ISIS into existence, funding them while also decrying "terrorists!!" and going to war where civilians mostly pay the price.
Wake up dude.  Or keep sitting in some pretty deep-seated ignorance.  They have you right where they want you.
Baudrillard was writing about this in 1981 and literally wrote a book about the gulf war and this exact situation in 1991.
Hamas isn't going to win this war by firing shitty rockets. They aren't trying to free the Palestinian people. They're working for Iran and Russia and they're trying to sever the US-Israel relationship, and it's a war they're gaining ground with.
You can lose the actual war and still win the PR war and possibly the war in general eventually 
The Taliban didn’t win any battles against the U.S./NATO but they ended up running the country twenty years later anyway 
Similarly the North Vietnamese lost (usually decisively) pretty much every conventional battle but still ended up conquering south Vietnam 
The Afghans were steamrolled by the Soviets on the battlefield but again got their country back eventually 
Hamas never had a chance of winning this war conventionally, but they could very well win the PR war. Hamas also doesn’t care about Palestinian civilian casualties or even their own fighter casualties, they think there’s plenty more angry radicalized teenagers to recruit from where they came from and lots more money funnelled in from Iran to arm and train them 
Essentially Hamas is using both civilians and its own fighters as expendable pawns in this scenario
It’s not just Hamas supporters. Even Israel supporters react only with their perceptions. Instead of celebrating the Israeli victory they immediately go to how the Hamas supporters are wrong about hospitals.
People talking about the Ukraine war get more into the war itself, like how many tanks each side has, air superiority over home advantage etc. But with the Hamas war it’s just people’s perceptions of the perception of each side. Very abstract.
This is where I'm coming to as well. I have a much stronger position for one side than the other, which I'll leave aside as it's irrelevant for this specific phenomenon. 
Most wars we (the consumers of a specific nation's media) to this point have generally reveived one-sided accounts of the conflict as it unfolded. Obviously, some people may find ways to find other reporting (other national publications or something - especially as we went from print to film to digital), but traditionally it was what your government and the media institutions wanted to publish.
This is the first war I can really remember where we are seeing the messaging from both sides literally in parallel. Like, even the Ukrainian war has had a pretty solid (read - successful) suppression campaign on the Russian narrative in western media outlets. And obviously social existed for that as well, so all I can really say is the odd confluence of the modern technology plus this conflict being one that has created serious pockets of support for both positions in our internal debates has created a pretty odd time to experience the traditional institutional news.
Even stuff like Iraq or Afghanistan also didn't really allow reporting from the alternate populations or command. We only got the internal voices of dissent and any reporting they were able to scrounge up.
The media blackout is counterproductive because without any information, people are assuming the very worst.
If I were them I’d be feeling a bit short-changed. The headlines are all “Israel achieves crushing victory against Hamas base” but everyone outside the countries involved just starts debating semantics and the nature of reality.
With most wars you’d expect some debate on whether it’s a significant victory, is Hamas on the ropes, etc, but this war is like grasping mist.
It’s going to get worse with generative AI.
Or article headline that a Palestinian child was shit by Israeli soldier. Turns out it's some 19 year old dude who went on a rampage trying to stab people and got shot for it.
Was it npr ie morning edition or the BBC which is often carried on npr affiliated stations. The BBC is the big offender for me, while npr usually takes care to mention that it's the Hamas run health ministry claiming X.
NPR has declined precipitously in reputability over the last decade. Almost unrecognizable as the prestigious and reliable news source it used to be.
NPR has had the same agenda as all the other news stations. I never understood why people put it on a pedestal
Nearly nothing to retract the story?
Just google the hospital + media outlet of choice. 
HRW now says it was a rocket. 
NYT and BBC both issued lengthy statements about how they messed up. 
Several outlets, including CNN and NPR, basically did a meta showing how they + others screwed up & how they tried to rectify it.
Which is interesting in that ONLY if you zoom in specifically on Israel v Palestinians is Israel not the underdog. It’s a tiny country, surrounded by hostile neighbors, a lone Jewish country in the world vs 59+ Muslim ones,  and a lone Democracy in the region. It’s been attacked since being reestablished in ‘48 by multiple countries at once, faces at least 2 Iran backed militias on its borders, has no buffer ocean or truly friendly neighbor. 
It is not crazy to think that this is exactly why the region has not been motivated to solve the Palestinian situation, because only in this framing can they castigate Israel constantly as a bully in world affairs. If the Palestinians weren’t there in their status as occupied, there would be no doubt Israel is the underdog in the bigger picture, and survived by military strength, support from key allies, and making itself a regional economic powerhouse.
More Muslim upticks,, more Muslim media backing… glad Israel ignores this crap.
That is the reason why the "fake news" accusation we so often hear from the Left directed towards the Right has become meaningless. Their support for Hamas/Gaza/"Palestinians" is based on the fakest info ever. Those people aren't colonized or oppressed or occupied by Israel. They are oppressed by Hamas, and willingly so it seems. They prefer to live in shit conditions, as long as they can keep hating Israel and killing Jews. The only path towards peace at this point is for them to realize that the path of violent islamism leads to ruin and they need to give it up. Only complete military defeat will make them realize this.
If they can’t get any ont there is always Finkelstein
By definition the international law applies to “nations”. Since Hamas is not a nation the international law does not apply to it. Seriously though, these are terrorists, you cannot and should not expect them to “play by the rules”.
Yea, can you cite that law please?
I love how the keffiyeh - exclusively worn by denizens of societies that repress women, oppress LGBTQ+ people, enforce draconian anti-democratic laws, and exalt martyrdom - has become the hip accessory for college professors, lawmakers, activist students, and human rights campaigners.
Hamas and various Muslim groups have spent tens of millions per year over a couple decades getting into social media and academic circles and pushing their message and twisting facts to make them out to be victims.  Also using the progressives guilt complex and 'underdogs are always right and must be defended' logic against hem.
Like David Bowie said, in the time of the internet, the content and the consumer will be in near symbiosis, like an endless feedback loop just circling the drain of extremism. I added the last part.
Actually legally it does. If you use civilian buildings as cover to fire from your enemy has every right to vaporize the building and everything inside.
Someone’s discovered that war is bad. Congrats.
The number of their own fighters that Hamas acknowledges have been killed is about half of what Israel claims. Meanwhile the US State Department has their own estimate, which is (unsurprisingly) between Israel's and Hamas' counts.
Instead of complaining post an actual source
Provide a source of US intelligence saying that every male killed is being marked as Hamas by Israel. If you want people to critically engage with your comments, provide sourced facts. You can continue whining about down votes or actually present an argument with sourced material.
Doesn't Hamas count civilians as members as well? Seems sus.
Not gonna downvote, but I have not seen Israel's figures matching the total adult male count for this conflict. Not knowledgeable enough on the past, but for this one do you have numbers to share?
Unlike how Hamas count every militant death as a child, or a pregnant woman….
More like Hamas manipulates the numbers to report as many deaths as women and children.
So then maybe Hamas should actually release figures for their losses so when can gauge Israeli claims?
It's a bold claim and it's hard to believe without a source, that's why you're getting down voted
[Even doing that, they’re risking a lot.](https://www.aljazeera.com/amp/news/2014/8/22/hamas-executes-18-suspected-informers)
I'm almost certain they bugged the place. not sure if it was necessarily a tipoff.
People like you said the IDF lied about Hamas in using civilian infrastructure for military purposes. In the past few days after a surprise operation at Shifa Hospital, they found at least 790 Hamas/PIJ members inside (650 captured +140 killed). The single most significant period of the war, all mainstream news sources reported on it, and you're main concern is that JPost was used for reporting very very simple facts. Over 790 armed terrorists were in a civilian hospital. You need to learn to accept that as fact lmao. 
There's a huge difference between a tabloid putting a spin on a random celebrity story  and a "legitimate" news source catered to hundred of millions of people deceptively ignoring simple facts that would otherwise undermine their narrative if reported honestly and fairly. If for a fact 790 terrorists were in Shifa, and Arab media reports or frames it as the IDF deliberately targeting civilians only and leaving out the terrorist part, you don't see that as a little problematic? 
>as if news sites don't put "their usual spin."
Also way you just brush it off as an acceptable part of how the media should operate says a lot.
Wouldn’t trust the Brits at all with any information about the middle east. They grandfathered this quagmire with their carving up of the region in the early 1900’s
*all* antisemitism presents itself that way. the justification for attacking jews is always that jews are secretly super powerful and bent on world domination. german propaganda from before ww2, and attitudes in Europe generally, sounded exactly like what Palestinian and the MENA region pump out now. everyone loves viewing themselves as the underdog, even when objectively they're massively more powerful as a group.
I was branded a racist here on Reddit last night for saying that Oct 7th was not a bunch of freedom-fighters performing an act of resistance & Hamas is a terrorist organization that does not seek peace with Israel. (I didn’t have the heart to tell the individual that I’m also a Jew, because then their wheels would have *completely* fallen off…)
The only surprising part of this is that people didn't expect the left to hold these views. They've been pushing a narrative in America that violence from privileged people comes from a desire to dominate and oppress, while violence from oppressed people only arises because they lack representation in other ways. White self defense and brown aggression are not real, if you do not believe this then you aren't really allowed to be a leftist these days.
Unexpected to you, maybe.
This is their version of "fake news". They think they're better than Trumpists but they're not. How can they see so clearly who the bad guys are between Ukraine and Russia, yet they can't notice it between Israel vs Hamas. Like you said, they have an underdog/dark skin fetish.
Antisemitism is part of it, but another part is that HAMAS is very savvy with social media and disinformation/controlling the narrative, particularly in the Arab world. They are using this conflict as a major recruiting opportunity in addition to trying to sway international sentiment to their side.
Criticizing the actions of Israel is not inherently antisemitic. If you go on with this line of argument then people are going to think that you're abusing the power of the word to manipulate people and win an argument that you cannot win otherwise. It is cheating people's affections and distasteful to misuse the word just to ostracize people who disagree with you.
Ah yes, a single news report that is critical of the IDF is evidence of deeply imbedded antisemitism because they didn't highlight the part you wanted them to highlight.
Perhaps if a trusted news source that you have agreed with for many years suddenly disagrees with you, you might take a second to question your point of view?
Exactly what happened with me. This combined with the fact that I watched the wiki pages and Google results on certain issues get changed over time to reflect a perspective that isn’t in line with the facts and history of the situation. Anybody who didn’t learn about this issue pre-10/7 has no chance of seeing Israel/palestine with any historical accuracy now
> There is a reactionary behavior, deeply ingrained in the left, that if one group is slightly more brown and slightly more poor, than they must absolutely be the victim of whatever other side does. 
You wonder what sort of distorted worldview it takes to see Jews as a privileged overclass and the anti-feminist, anti-homosexual, anti-modernist Islamist theocrats as the sympathetic underdogs.
hamas and israel are the same level of brown. it's mostly the same groups of people who've been there since 1000bc, but with different religions
Because Israel has announced the killing of specific high-ranking terrorists who refused to surrender in the hospital, and Hamas has corroborated this by announcing the deaths of the same individuals.
I’ve explained my reasoning in other comments on here but the thing it boils down to is that Israel had ZERO reason to raid Al Shifa again at this point in the conflict. 
EDIT: not sure why I got a lot of downvotes on this for saying that Israel raiding the hospital must have been justified because they don’t have a reason to raid it otherwise.
Just to piggyback on my original comment from literally 5 minutes ago. The thing that I keep thinking about with this is the claim that IDF was tipped off by hospital staff that Hamas were back. If this ends up being the case then I really don’t see any reason why Israel wouldn’t go in as quickly as possible without giving them enough notice to clear out like what had happened the previous time. This amount of arrests is pretty staggering and if even 1/2 end up being Hamas affiliated it’s a really bad look tbh
Yes. The al-Qassem Brigades constantly makes statements about fighting the IDF in various areas throughout Gaza, and acknowledges when high-ranking members are killed. 
[https://www.understandingwar.org/backgrounder/iran-update-march-18-2024](https://www.understandingwar.org/backgrounder/iran-update-march-18-2024)
This is the ISW update from March 18. 
>Palestinian militias, including Hamas, engaged Israeli forces around al Shifa Hospital during the operation.[4]
>Israeli forces killed Faiq al Mabhouh, who is a senior official in the Hamas-run Interior Ministry, during the operation.[5] The IDF said that Mabhouh was the head of Hamas’ “Operations Directorate of the Internal Security Service,” while Hamas said that he was the “director of central operations of the Palestinian Police in Gaza.”[6] The Civil Police and the Interior Ministry‘s Internal Security Forces both employ fighters from the Hamas military wing.[7] 
Source 4 (fighting around Shifa hospital) and 6 (senior Hamas commander killed) in this excerpt *are literally the Telegram channels of the al-Qassem Brigades*. The source isn't even the IDF. The source is from Palestinian militias. Are they lying or something?
No but I’d expect it to be the focus of the story rather than immediately discussing the humanitarian cost without explaining the reason it happened which is seeming more and more justified if what Israel is saying is true
Objective? I'd consider it more accurate.
Lol
it was at around midnight so wouldn’t be morning edition 
where did I say that the IDF was unbiased?
NYtimes reporting the same info now. These are just the sites that publish that kind of news first
So if the hospitals are overrun by terrorists and you go in to kill them you're the bad guy?
Hospitals lose their protected right when they are used for military purposes according to geneva convention for protection of civilians in article 19. In article 5, the civilian will lose their protected status even from a ”definite suspection”. 
In article 37 [Perfidy](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Perfidy) is defined and declared a war crime. For example someone feigning being civilian will lose both the right for POW and for civilian protection the moment they betray the confidence, such a person can be shot at sight.
When warfare happens in a hospital, the civilians and surrendering combatants must be let out but can be detained due to there being no clarity about their combatant status. As there are so many POWs, IDF probably operated correctly.
Why insane when there is already plenty of proof?
What an awful take, Jesus, so israel is at fault for civilians starving after hamas takes all their aid, for hamas keeping them in basically military bases as human shields and for the existence of Jared Kushner , really?!?!
That's not Israel's conduct, that's a hoard of gullible virtue signaling, mostly collage students not understanding the full context and falling for whatever their favorite douchbag tiktok man said
Appreciate the rundown, it’s hard to get straight answers in such a polarized situation
>to completely occupy every single inch of Gaza, and have no interest in doing so anyway
You sure about that?
I realize in this case they did revisit the site and raided it, but if they are not able to keep such a close watch over all of Gaza that HUNDREDS of fighters disguised themselves and regrouped at a new HQ, how does the IDF really expect to completely eliminate Hamas?
Because (especially in the US), after 9/11 and Afghanistan and Iraq, people on the right wing really did go after muslim minorities, both in word and in deed.  So to people on the left, being an Islamophobe meant you were allied with christian-nationalist right wingers.
This is how you get to cognitive dissonance moments like Bill Maher getting booed on his own show for pointing out that Islamic governments are not great for women's rights, for example.
I bet a video of a raid in hospital with Hamas fighters shooting back would quiet those doubters.  We see tons of war footage from Ukrainian soldiers so why the secrecy?  They don’t even need to show any faces.
If they have AK-47s and shoot at you, they aren't civilians.
It's a fair assumption that the figures are calculated like this, despite the down votes. I recall hearing that the US counted all men "of fighting age" as valid targets, I thought, so does Israel count them the same way? 
*Without any weapons.
“Israel is kinda trustworthy” legit braindead. What makes you say this? What makes this evil, warmongering, expansionist government trustworthy in your eyes? I’m telling you, you people don’t think.
Russian and *Iranian* propaganda. 
Let’s not forget that Hamas is fighting an Iranian-backed proxy war against Israel and while Putin openly continues an invasion of a sovereign nation, he is pro-Palestinian, which makes so much sense.
Israel lying doesn't make what you said false. In fact Israel also backs Hamas by escorting the delivery of Qatari payroll to Hamas fighters so they won't have to come up with a new reason to kill Palestinians for their land. 
https://www.nytimes.com/2023/12/10/world/middleeast/israel-qatar-money-prop-up-hamas.html
Quit talking to yourself.
History will regard you as you are
The IDF has explicit strategies to minimise civilian casualties, like roof knocking. 
If they gave zero fucks, they wouldn't do that.
Are you lying or just so ignorant that you didn't even know this?
Unbiased would be a media outlet that doesn’t have skin in the game, I’d expect bias from a Palestinian news source too wouldn’t you?
Yea I feel like the split information landscapes of covid/vaccines was child play compared to this.
This should not come as a surprise. You would think people are talking based on facts, but in fact they're talking for their own benefits while discarding every trace of truth that are inconvenient.
What makes it even worse, is that at this point the facts don't don't even help anymore. No one wants to find solutions now, only hatred, vengeance, and gain of benefits.
Maybe people will come back to review these events years later, and the truth will come out on top.... The truth will eventually come out, but sometimes too late.
Part of that is because the truth mostly lays somewhere in the middle with this situation. There are bad things on both sides of the conflict, and those supporting one side will ignore the bad on their side or try to excuse and justify it, while focusing entirely on the bad the other side did and make no attempt to extend the same level of generous interpretation or good faith assumptions.
It also doesn't help that this isn't a cut and dry situation. Hamas didn't just suddenly decide to invade and that's that. There's centuries of history in this region that play into why things are this way, with the most important being the last century. And very few people are actually exploring information about the history outside of what their friends like on social media
Most humans have always believed whatever suited them no matter what the facts were.  It is just that it was only recently that we started to have a rational enough framework of how reality actually works to compare all the magical thinking against.  People who believed in phrenology, ghosts, miracles, and a million other superstitions of all sorts, were always using their own set of unsupportable "facts."  As Robert Heinlein once said, "Man is not a rational animal, he is a rationalizing animal."
>Back in the day, we had a set of facts and then debated on how to interpret those facts. 
The interesting thing is that this happened because newspapers didn't pretend to be impartial or neutral back in the day. They all had their bias or spin on the news. However, getting information wasn't easy back then. News were transmitted by telegraph to agencies like the associated press(AP), who sold the news to papers. Now, if AP put a liberal spin on the news, they wouldn't be able to sell to conservative paper. So to make more money, AP simply reported the news in a neutral manner and left the spin up to the papers.
Unfortunately, the AP way of reporting the news became revered outside of AP. Journalistic integrity and all that. So the biased newspapers began to emulate the neutral style, while maintaining their biases. When news became easy to get all over the world with modern technology, everyone could write their own news that appear to be neutral except its anything but.
So…Dan Carlin. Is that perhaps any relation to George Carlin? Because that sounds like something he’d say. 
Wow. I really like how you complimented that post. It perfectly conveys your appreciation of how factual it was!
Awesome redditing fellow redditor.
That could also be because the vast majority of fighting-age males are legitimately combatants. 
Remember these are people that have been indoctrinated from youth and conscripted and compelled into fighting a jihad they are true believers in. 
Even the men that do not desire to fight are pressured by the extremists into fighting or they are violently punished or killed as enemy sympathizers if they refuse.
Jacques Derrida called it logocentrism. It's built on unstable binaries  like all semiotics and, therefore, all cognition.
It's not just that dichotomies make the world manageable. You are not even capable of language or complex thought without dichotomies, even though they are unstable and have no objective source of meaning.
But the take away here is that the more aware you are of logocentric thought, the more you can manage its pitfalls, even if you can never stop doing it.
The wrong answer is to retreat into believing in objective transcendent sources of meaning. They're never real.
Never trust. Deconstruct everything, but don't succumb to cynicism either. Use your brain. Think.
But they do fall closely along geopolitical lines, which has massive ramifications for propaganda. If Russia, China, much of the Muslim world, and much of the global south are all broadly anti-Israel, and the west is more pro-Israel, then both sides will find a plethora of information sources supporting their viewpoint (both private and state-funded media).
This is so true, you can take a look at the recent surveys on US opinions on the matter and except for republicans who are trending more towards Israel being justified it almost looks identical. Left, right, centrist doesn't seem to be too different here.
It's a bit different from your typical online discourse, most people have no idea about the nuance of the issue in the real world and rather subscribe to the "don't know" side.
The centrists are going to have to build their own party, [with blackjack and hookers](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ubPWaDWcOLU) =p.
At this point?  Here sir, [have a video posted in 2008](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HLNhPMQnWu4), but probably a lot older than that, that offers a similar view on extremism.
That's because most "enlightened centrists" often seem to be the same people saying "both sides are just as bad". It's often a very lazy position to take.
It hurts
"War was always here. Before man was, war waited for him."
It's a quote by Clausewitz
Co-operation existed long before war in our species.
I don't think it's just their leadership that thinks destroying Israel is a requisite for victory.  That's basically been the party line of a lot of their support and the Arab world in general since Israel has been a thing.  And one of the things that needs to happen before a lasting peace can follow is that this idea that Israel can be destroyed has to be laid to rest.
Palestinians are very aware of how much Hamas has screwed them. The fact that you don’t realize that is one of Hamas’s major propaganda successes. Every day Israel sends aid packages into Gaza in attempts to help the civilians, then Hamas will come in and kill all the Palestinian civilians trying to receive that aid then take it all for themselves. It goes way beyond using civilians as human shields, Hamas will literally massacre its own people in the streets.
You need to separate Palestinians from Hamas.  Hamas do not have the people they claim to protect and represent as a priority.  Their goals are personal power, and to have as much blood flow as possible in seeking that end.  If Hamas fucked off and let non terrorists represent Palestinians, Israel would have long since unified.
Israel propaganda:  Hamas uses human shields, here’s the proof.  We’re killing them anyway.
Hamas propaganda:  We’re not even there, and if we were, you shouldn’t have killed us there.  Actually, you didn’t kill any of us you just killed innocents.
Yup and they’ve done a good job at it, I’ll give them credit but in reality they’re losing this war even if public is behind them, it’s not enough to account for everything else
The [Hamas social media guidelines](https://www.memri.org/reports/hamas-interior-ministry-social-media-activists-always-call-dead-innocent-civilians-dont-post) are useful to understand this. You’ll see so many Palestinian activists following the exact formula.
I agree with you. This could’ve been mostly avoided and israel dropped the ball. That said, Hamas has been a threat for years and wasn’t going to go away. This was like a surgery that needed to happen. Whether it was now or 2 years from now, 5 years from now, they needed to go eventually.
This has proven false time and again. Netanyahu let money flow to Hamas from Qatar a few years ago as part of a larger deal. In no way does he prop up Hamas. Thats a pretty popular talking point that’s simply untrue. Even if he’s made comments once or twice about favoring division between fatah and Hamas in no way is he “ propping them up” its easily debunked
That view gives Hamas no agency themselves. They are taking actions not for the benefit of themselves but of Russia and Iran.  While they do need to care what Iran thinks as they are the funder. It’s like if your boss told you to jump of a 400 ft cliff into a field of spike. Even though they fund your life you’re not going to do it you’ll quit as you have agency. 
The relationship can be mended once leadership in Israel eventually changes and a different approach to West Bank settlements.  Or a change in US leadership then everything Israel is doing is fine due to end times.
It’s not a fair comparison in my opinion as I stated in a different comment about both these scenarios. The Taliban won cause the us population got tired of losing soldiers in those bumfuck mountains. It wasn’t like the Taliban had global sympathy that Hamas seems to get. 
It was halfway around the world. Now say their was terrorists training in the Mexican mountains you bet your ass we’d still be there running that shit. 
Whenever you have a war on a noun like terrorism it will end badly. The us didn’t have a full vested interest in being in Afghanistan long term.
Israel has a vested interest in keeping the terrorists at their door step at bay. They won’t go half in and give up this time not after October 7th. 
The propaganda war works in cases like the us where their wasn’t a fully vested interest as it’s halfway around the world. But for Israel they don’t give a shit that the Arab countries hate them always have always will would be the attitude. Some college lefties marching in the street who gives a fuck. They’d rather have that than rpgs being fired daily and worrying about suicide Bombers killing their kids in the long term. The propaganda war only works when the combatant isn’t fully vested in the cause. 
At this point Israel is all in on eliminating Hamas once and for all. 
I guess I’m not really getting your point. How the war is being talked about doesn’t make the fighters insignificant whatsoever. 
What should the Israeli supporters say when Hamas supporters try to paint it as they are murdering civilians in hospitals when it’s been known Hamas uses hospitals as cover. Hell they learned from Hezbollah to use Red Cross ambulances. (If you want to dispute this read warriors of god by Nicholas blanford published in 2011 that has Hezbollah fighters admit this to him) 
Should they gloat that they are kicking ass and taking names on social media instead of trying to dispute the lies being spread to make them into monsters? 
Because there's OSINT data and it's more traditional warfare. As far as I've seen there's very little visibility into what is actually happening on the ground here and Hamas is an insurgency.
I mean, hamas doesn’t have tanks. Ukraine and Russia are technologically relatively comparable militaries, they both have close to the same things on each side. 
The war with Hamas and Israel is completely different. Israel has air, tanks, the iron dome, professionally trained army, etc. Hamas are terrorists, they use makeshift weapons and civilian shields, they have no air, no armor, no defense systems. The people there are also short on food and water etc. It is entirely asymmetrical, and the actual military maneuvers to talk about are “side a went in and killed/captured x many people, here’s how many were civilians” or “side b bombed/shot missiles at side a, lots of people died”. 
But also, I do see a lot of that for the Israeli-Hamas conflict. They report what the sides did. Public tensions are just so high and polarized that people on both sides see statement of events without condemnation as acceptance, and it turns into a fight. I wish there was more emphasis on our shared humanity than on who is right and who is wrong.
Because Hamas doesn't have a traditional army with measured equipment, they're using child soldiers and IEDs along with deliberately hiding who is a combatant and who is a civilian. Outside of discussing how difficult tight urban warfare is going to be, traditional conversation is only able to focus on IDF.
Almost everything about the Israel Hamas war ends up touching into philosophical debate and morality.
Both sides are waging total propaganda warfare. Unlike in Ukraine, where the west has the means and reason to strongly refute Russian propaganda, the push to refute Israeli news is not as strong as the west lacks the will and Palestine lacks the resources/ media outreach. Similarly, it’s hard to have an accurate view of the situation when Palestinian authorities constantly obfuscate the truth and highly exaggerate casualties. Both sides just want to tell their narrative and any actual reporting is suppressed by both sides of its at all unfavorable.
Ukraine want transparency, and kinda don't have much choice when using other country's equipment. The reality with Israel and Palestine is neither want transparency, they want to cover things up and then get their spin out first.
Because what is happening is fucked up. It's intentionally blurry so the west doesn't full on freak out at what their dollars are being spent on.
Russia got its narrative out pretty well on Reddit at least, in fact I’m tired of it, but it’s not a very well-designed narrative as it requires you to care about Russian history. A rare miss for the usually excellent Russian propagandists.
the moment a kid has a bomb or gun on him he's not a kid anymore. he's a soldier. and the blame should not be on the party taking out the kid soldier but the side fucking degenerate enough to field them.
Your local affiliate may say Hamas run agency, but npr proper (morning edition, etc) says Palestinian health run agency. 
What do you prefer to listen to now for news?
About 6 or 7? years ago they had a guy on talking about the Bears Ears situation and he was clearly pushing the right wing side of the argument, and the interviewer kept being surprised by answers to the questions.
I was like, wow, that was a funny listen, go to work for a few hours, get back in the truck and on the way home the same interview comes on, same host questions, but the replies were all from a woman pushing the left wing side.
They had clearly, to my ear, edited his original questions and inserted her answers. They were asked in exactly the same manner and word for word as I had heard earlier.
No mention before or after the interview of how it had been put together or why they had changed it that way. Lost respect for them that day.
No, the fake hospital strike was the Al-Ahli hospital; a much smaller one, I believe.
These corrections are typically buried and mentioned in passing. They certainly do not get anywhere close to the same coverage as the original reporting. The damage is done. 
It’s almost like the Middle East is a total clusterfuck that no one understands and no one can unfuck, hot take I know
By the way, Finkelstein recently said in Twitter, explicitly, "Russia had a right to invade Ukraine".
This is not accurate since 1977 at the latest. International humanitarian law applies to non-state actors, including especially national liberation movements, see for example https://www.globaljusticecenter.net/how-can-international-humanitarian-law-bind-non-state-actors/
Not OP but: https://casebook.icrc.org/a_to_z/glossary/loss-protection
And that's what gets me every time. You guys realize that *you* and *your beliefs* would be the first things subjugated if you lived in any of those societies, right? They support governments that are so perfectly and diametrically opposed to their beliefs, perspectives, and ways of life that it's actually pretty hilarious.
I think most people never paid attention in history class because Palestine has been occupied before Israel. They were under control of the ottomans for around 500 years, the only reason there wasn’t as much conflict was because the ottomans shared a similar religion so they definitely respected the language better and I’m sure politically we’re more closely aligned. The whole thing would’ve been avoided if Britain didn’t decide to take this land from ottomans after world war 1
Guess we value human life differently then. Which is just sad.
This isn’t just a war though. It’s a decade long occupation and systematic eradication of a specific group of people.
They count their child soldiers as civilian child deaths too
Members and combatants aren’t the same thing. The Geneva convention distinguishes between combatants (like a Hamas fighter) and non-combatant members (like a Hamas janitor or Hamas clerk). Hamas is the entire government apparatus so many members aren’t in combat positions. It is against the Geneva convention to kill non-combatantants even if they are part of the enemy government.
They won’t but if they do it will be a cherry picked time-frame where in that one particular window, the stats seem to corroborate their claim, just like the guy on the other side who did it with Hamas death stats 
You might be missing the point.
It doesn't matter what hamas claims as they aren't the one killing them.
Imagine one military going in, killing every adult male in an area and saying "they were all terorrists". That's shady. And because your doing the killing its your responsibility. It doesn't matter what the other side claims. Think of the old "if they don't run, they're a well trained viet kong" saying
1. You keep stating something as fact. You are so sure that all 790 found were combatants (why are we calling defenders as terrorists? how do you know they are all affiliated with Hamas? why can't a regular person sign up to defend his country?). The only people that may know for sure are the actual people in the hospital. You can bet that the '790 terrorists' is directly from the IDF. In that case, how are you so sure it is true knowing full well that all wars come with war crimes and that it is common for armies to hide truths?
Look both sides of the media are going to put their spin on it. I don't think it is acceptable of course, but I am not naive enough to think everything is black and white nor presented that way by media.    
Based on the above, I believe the truth is somewhere in the middle of the claims. Perhaps the IDF found Hamas in the hospital, but maybe not in the numbers they claim. Perhaps there are a number of civilians, staff, patients.
Again I wouldn't call defenders as terrorists. You can claim that Hamas is a terrorist organization just like I can claim that the IDF has done terroristic acts, but what the people are doing now is defending Gaza.
Yes. This is their fault instead of giving jews entire Palestine as promised  and  Jordan Syria and Iraq to arabs they composed this shitty partition plan creating everlasting conflict. Saudis helped us to defeat Osmans and we can't leave Saudis unhappy.
I have to remind people that resistance does not involve slaughtering people at a festival or people in villages. Resistance should be aimed at military and political targets.
Well that's because you failed to point out they are freedom fighters, freedom rapists, and freedom butchers as well. So insensitive of you.
Adding into that, if you are a white man you are racist. No debate, no nuance, no content of character through your life will prove otherwise to the left. I faced this when I returned to collegiate studies in 2010. And since POC and minorities don't hold the power no matter what they say, do, or act on, it is never deemed racism. I sat in silence through those years during most debates after I asked the professor if my power and privilege as a white male transcended geography to say China. Would I hold more power and privilege over President Xi. "Absolutely" was the answer. I honestly feel there is a strong correlation with this line of reasoning and the right wing rising in 2016. It was such low hanging fruit for them they didn't have to even try to spin it.
I mean, they’re savvy… but the Arab states’ 75-year political and pr war against Israel has a big role; as does Qatar’s decades-long financial influence campaign on American and European campuses; as do the incredibly strong online propaganda machines of Iran, Russia, and China. 
They’re good, but they’ve also got the perfect storm of support.
I don't think they are savvy.  I think those who support them would do so regardless, and their message and that of their allies is easily amplified online and on social media as they literally number in the billions.
Or that many people are more influenced by images showing the suffering of civilians than by cold legal arguments?
The problem is that you might say “free Palestine, end the occupation” and be talking about Gaza but somebody else is saying it and talking about forcibly displacing everyone in Israel to make up for Palestine losing a war over 70 years ago
The media treats Hamas and the Palestinians like they’re are angels thou.  That’s the issue with the media portrayal about what is happening.  And they REFUSE to entertain the idea that the IDF is lying
I doubt that anyone who's been following the news for the last 6 months is going to understand how you think this is an isolated case, and not a pattern. 
It implies either a severe lack of attention paid on your part, or that you think people reading this are so stupid and ill-informed that this is the first article on the topic they've read.
Either way it's patently gross.
some people look at what all the cool kids are saying, and others prefer facts
It really is mind blowing that the people who would be tortured and killed by Palestinians (edit: I should have said Hamas) are the most vocal supporters. What kind of mental gymnastics does it take to rationalize that?
Not worldview as much as rationalization.  If your first, knee-jerk emotional reaction to the situation is to support the underdog, then that locks in your opinion.  As you consider those other facts that don’t fit the opinion you now hold, you find ways to excuse them or de-emphasize them so you can maintain your position.  This happens subconsciously and almost instantly.
And deep-rooted tendency initially side with the underdog is very strong in American culture.  Just look at so much of our stories in movies, books, or TV.  We are conditioned to love underdog stories.  It’s no wonder it’s also prevalent in our politics.  It couldn’t not be.
Actually changing your opinion based on new facts is extremely difficult.  And it doesn’t help that culturally, especially politically, it’s derided as weakness or hypocrisy or even betrayal.
Looking at updated news, I think other journalists are late to the party. NYT just did the article 14 mins ago vs this article 2 hrs ago. NPR/BBC prolly had no idea and were fact checking until now. Just giving them the benefit of the doubt.
All the terrorists inside the hospital say otherwise
So it does sound like you believe this information more than the others.
First, you're really trying to frame me as one side or another. All I call for is more objectivity.
Reading over your link, it seems the sources are mostly from the IDF. [4] is a confirmation of combat certainly, but it does not make this information objective. Their disclaimer at the top about not covering war crimes also seems questionable, but thinking to much about that wouldn't be very objective of me.
So you'd listen to what Israel is saying is true as "reason," but not another source?
Or ground news
Ok. Was it All Things Considered or something else?
Edit: I'm not seeing it under yesterday's All Things Considered
https://www.npr.org/programs/all-things-considered/
> I always try and look at things objectively so I’m confused about the total lack of objectivity from organizations like NPR and the BBC who are meant to provide a balanced perspective on the news rather than ignoring facts to push a narrative.
When you say this in context of a reply to this article, which is an IDF statement, it's clear you are *'confused about the total lack of objectivity at BBC and NPR'* because you are taking the IDF claim at face value.
No problem, glad to help!
Yes, actually. Like I said, Israel didn’t actually send enough troops into Gaza to completely occupy it. They certainly have the ability to, if they really wanted to. The fact that they haven’t speaks louder than any words.
Since they already could but didnt, yes.
Since they already had the option but actually got out (2005), yes.
Presumably through actions like this where you trick them into revealing themselves, but yeah, it’s fundamentally an insanely difficult task and a terrible option.
The problem is, every other option is also terrible.
There was an increase in hate crimes against Muslims after 9/11 but even with that increase hate crimes against Jews were still around 5x more common. While more hate crimes against Jews would be expected as a total number just because they are about double the Muslim population it still doesn't account for the entire difference. So even after the deadliest terrorist attack in modern history was carried out by Muslim extremists a Jew in the US was still more likely to be a victim of a hate crime than a Muslim.
Well, their actual army reporting is very reliable, and I couldn't find a false thing that the army officially said, unlike Hamas for example which lies all of the time.
You keep demonizing Israel, but Israel didn't want this war, and trust me, the Israeli mothers don't want their children to be in Gaza. But it is a necessity. Hamas vowed to repeat massacres such as the 7 October. Israel won't let that happen. Israel literally left gaza in 2005 and let the people there choose their way and they chose terror. How does that make Israel "expansionist"? You are just a know nothing westerner who thinks he figured out the mentality of radical islamists.
Iran’s involvement isn’t in question, but Iran is “the how guy” and navigator, not the bus driver.
Hamas is one of ten violent militia pretending to be liberators that Russia used to create a forever war and a geopolitical bomb they can blow up. It’s less special than we like to think. Six of them are Russia solo, four are joint ventures with Iran. Russia is dividing other countries too - from the US to Israel, from Poland to India - by funding activities that stoke outrage and entrench hate at the extremes - but those haven’t reached armed conflict status yet.
These geopolitical bombs can be blown up once in two decades (to tie up whoever needs to come and restore order) and it’s for the occasion of **Russia’s** elections that the order came down to Hamas to self-destruct, not for the occasion of Iran’s election. 
That alone gives you an idea of whose agenda the Iran-Russia alliance is serving with its most high value resources. 
And before you say “no, they were motivated by a ‘derailing the Israel-Saudi-US normalization and Palestinian concession talks’ agenda” - that too, for sure - but that didn’t drive Russia and Iran ordering its other unrelated geopolitical bombs go off - Houthis and Transnistria - to go off right ahead of Putin’s election ritual.
We need to stop obsessing about the puppet and start talking root causes here. The forever conflict in Gaza is driven first and foremost by Moscow. It’s just that the way they’ve been doing things for half a century ([literally telling us it’s how they do things](https://youtu.be/tR_6dibpDfo?si=tw4oY12tw8APxdwc)) is by acting through an intermediary - such as Hamas or Iran - to conceal their hand.
I am an Israeli, and I understand we’re fighting Hamas well, and that Sinwar is a messed up individual that on the face of it is making organizational self destruction decisions, while butchering his own people. 
But am acutely aware he needs resources - guns, arms, foreign safe haven for leadership, and one “Internet Research Center in St Petersburg” worth of online trolls to flood every sub on Reddit and every Twitter conversation with English speaking Hamas apologists who are all, every single one, trained to express contempt using the words “lol”, “rofl” and “lmao” to disguise themselves as westerners. He needs those resources. 
So when Russia knocks on the door of Transnistria and tell them their play, and when they and Iran knock on the Houthi door and tell them what they’re going to do, rest assured there’s a knock on Sinwar’s door too. And put one and one together… remembering he’s destroying Hamas for them… and you can rest assured when he opened the door and they told him what Hamas’s “fight to the destruction of your command” role will be, they were not asking, they were telling. 
It’s a Russia agenda we’re looking at. Not a Palestinian one (which remained stuck in the negotiations), or even an Iranian one (which is to win the opportunists of the century award, give Russia everything it wants before its capabilities implode, in exchange for things it was never prepared to help Iran get in the past, from jets to nukes).
My country wasn’t merely attacked by a Palestinian puppet. My country, like Ukraine, was attacked by Moscow.
“For their land,” like Palestine isn’t just a colonial Roman  re-naming of Israel in an attempt to further sever the claims of Israelites and Jews to the land. 
History/reality is important and shouldn’t be ignored.
I don’t think your lies are going to be supported here.  😘
I’m well aware of roof knocks, which have completely been abandoned as a tactic since last October, but let me rephrase my original statement. Israel only cares about civilian casualties due to the negative press and erosion of positive public opinion that it brings to them. I’ve seen enough videos and read enough articles over the years of IDF soldiers just blatantly killing Palestinians, including journalists and NGO workers. Very easy to find. It’s a problem, even when they aren’t “at war.” And honestly, there’s no accountability when they do it. Human rights organizations have been bringing attention to this for decades. The US will throw some harsh words their way and that’s the end of it. It’s very rare that anyone gets convicted when IDF soldiers kill civilians and years of doing that is catching up to them finally, at least in the court of public opinion. I’m not saying this because I’m pro-Hamas or feel that Hamas should be given a pass for their own atrocities. I’m saying it because because accountability and fair conduct towards civilians is imperative in war even when the enemy is engaging in terrorism. The dehumanization of Palestinians as a whole is a big problem within the IDF, and very much contributes to their conduct when dealing with Palestinian civilians. They do not care about their lives. Once again, I absolutely believe Hamas is a group of religious fanatics that engage in terrorism, but that’s not a free pass to just mop the floor with innocent people. We need to be honest about these things and recognize the faults and atrocities of all parties involved, even those we may consider to be the “good guys.” I’m very tired of people blowing off blatant war crimes just because their side does it.
Downvote all you want. I’ll sleep soundly at night knowing I don’t try to justify war crimes.
Depends, has the news agency previously failed rudamentry fact checks in relation to the war?
Killing people who are shooting at you from inside of a hospital is a war crime? What about using a hospital to operate from or not using a uniform as a combatant?
It’s a war. When enemy combatants occupy a hospital or a school, that’s now a military target. Hospitals that are occupied by enemy combatants is not protected by any military conventions or international law. So no, per definition not a war crime.
Correct, using a hospital as a base of military operations is a war crime.
It's so sad to see this take everywhere.
The truth is almost never in the middle. Is the truth in the middle between Russia and Ukraine? How about climate change ? Flat Earth? Trump ? Biden ? Billionaires ?  Smoking ? Abortion? Wokeness? Racism ?
There is the side that murders children and rapes women and parades their bodies in the streets while the population cheers. Go watch what Hamas bragged about doing and filmed themselves and then watch the worst things IDF did and compare. 
Think about what happens to gays or women or free speech in both camps. Go say I'm gay in both states. Go say Fuck Hamas in Gaza or Fuck Israel or Netanyahu in Israel. Go say you're a Jew in Gaza and go say you're a palestinian in Israel.
Do you know what happened to the opposition to Hamas ?  they are all dead. Opposition to the power hungry asshole Nethanyahu and Israel is still alive and well. 
As a comparison, go say Fuck Putin or war in Russia or say the same in Ukraine about Zelensky. 
No, the truth is not in the middle. Don't be naive.
The way I see it, the "Israel side" doesn't ignore bad things from their own side. Some of the bad is believed to be justified, but nothing is swept under the rug. When IDF shot and killed hostages, this was immediately admitted to. When the IDF killed civilians who were trying to get food from supply trucks, this was immediately admitted to. There was no "actually the hostages were killed by Hamas".
No relation, but each brilliant.
Please fuck my wife
Within the entirety of Gaza you think the 'vast majority' of males teens and up are legitimate combatants? Vast majority as in well above 50 percent of the 1 million plus men? Where do you get such data?
Well in ther defense they are being detained in an open air prison camp. 
If we took this same logic back to ww2, no one would bat an eye at the jews blowing up german buildings
Edit: by all means, if you would have got angry at jews blowing up german shit during ww2 man up and say so.
Edit: No one man'd up
The ultimate trade awaiting its ultimate practitioner.
No way, at best they emerged contemporaneously.
I would sadly disagree, Take a look at how troops of chimps deal with each other. Brutally is an understatement.
War is just co-operative violence at a large scale.
I totally agree on all points.
I’m aware of how awful Hamas is. I’m also aware of polling that shows overwhelming support for them in Gaza. I’m also aware that polls can’t be trusted given the lack of freedom and threat of violence in Gaza. 
So I’m not sure what you’re basing your thing on, but it could certainly be right. Then again, the fact that civilians are still en masse covering for Hamas, makes me think you’re probably wrong.
Where exactly in my comment do you think I’m conflating Hamas with the Palestinians?
In contrast I feel like Israel has really dropped the ball in promoting a point of view that is acceptable to the world at large.  They focused on internal politics and let Hamas take control of the information space around the world.  Simply replying and raging about anti-semitism at every opportunity did them nothing to explain their cause, their perceptions, or to endear themselves to those who would be inclined to sympathy for their position.  They have solid allies who would support them, but frankly Israeli statements, even well justified ones, often come off as arrogant and that is something that drives people to consider their opponents point of view.
Are you sure about that? Israel has burned bridges with the younger generation in the West, and is frankly exhausting support in the older generations too. 
The people funding Hamas from a distance will always be able to recruit new extremists. It’ll be a lot easier without an indifferent or hostile West.
It's a generally accepted truth that American (and most western nations with big armies) have contingency plans to invade pretty much anyone, anywhere, just in case. How on earth did Israel not have a plan to invade Gaza lying on a shelf? I can understand being caught off gaurd (which is still a screw up) but not having a plan ready to go just seems like a massive oversight.
> That view gives Hamas no agency themselves
Many times I have read that the whole situation is Israeli fault for not properly securing borders and letting the attack happen. Not Hamas's fault for performing the attack itself. That still leaves me baffled.
Who cares about Hamas' agency? It's the least interesting piece of this puzzle. They are a proxy terror group. You can hold them responsible if it makes you feel better but you'll lose sight of why any of this is happening.
You are forgetting the religious brainwashing. Hamas terrorists don't fear death as much a normal sane person would, because they are certain they will get to be in eternal heaven when they die. It is not only money that makes terrorists. It is the ideology as well.
It doesn’t matter if the most left wing Israeli government is elected the stance on ending Hamas will not change. If Mexico launched an attack on La you’d see every bleeding heart liberal other than the anti us crazies flip in a day to we have to end this threat on our border. 
And what change in us leadership do you see on the horizon that won’t defend Israel. Yeah Biden can be disappointed in some actions but when push comes to shove we are there to back up Israel 100% as we should be considering they are the only democracy in the Middle East and a major us defense ally. 
If people think only military might alone will win a war without a propaganda victory then perhaps people have missed the history of Gandhi's defeat of the British Colonial Empire or multiple other wars that end up with victory on the battlefield and defeat in the long run (Vietnam and Afghanistan 2X's also come to mind).  Israel absolutely needs to start dominating the information space much better than it has.  It seems obvious to an observer that Israel has failed to keep the public opinion worldwide sympathetic to its plight.  It has allowed the Palestinian diaspora to dictate the sympathies and perceptions of people worldwide and thus deteriorate its moral high ground to a thin shelf of ice on a very tall iceberg heading to the tropics.
> I wish there was more emphasis on our shared humanity than on who is right and who is wrong.
Same here.  Not only because it will have to happen eventually and it needs to happen for the actual innocent suffering to truly benefit, but because our being this divided at home doesn't serve *our* interests, or benefit *our* society as a whole.
Palestine has 1.8 billion Muslims worldwide to signal boost their bullshit. And leftist media all over the world. And Al Jazeera. They have no shortage of media outreach or resources.
Yeah, a fundamentalist militia with an ideology based on irredentist pseudo-history and racism that spent 18 years digging vast subterranean fortifications underneath an urban area of two million people, and subsequently instigating a war there, is pretty fucked up. 
Its "intentionally blurry" because there are two Palestinian medias that exist: one for consumption by actual Palestinians and the wider Muslim world, and then one for consumption by potential sympathizers in the West. The former is basically wartime propaganda, as Palestinian militias in Gaza and the West Bank openly claim and take credit for combat engagements with the IDF every, single, day; the latter is basically atrocity pornography, and if you were watching only that, you'd be hard-pressed to even garner that Hamas even exists. 
You seem to be consuming the latter.
How much footage from the Ukrainian war have you seen? Every day you can see new horrors of war in clear 4K. Young men and women dying is fucked up no matter where it happens or what side it’s happening to. No one in the west is freaking out about that in the way you’re saying, explain why clear video of this conflict would be different?
I tend to disagree. The fact that any dissenting opinion (not even Russian - just American's who are anti-war and anti-military industrial complex) gets shouted down as Russian propoganda is essentially what I'm referring to as the suppression. 
Look back at the Nordstream explosion. The other side was arguing that it was clearly the West who did that from the very beginning, but this was heavily suppressed both by the institutional media and also public voices who were largely trained to view all counter narratives as Russian. And this doesn't really need Russian history to see - mostly the comments by Anthony Blinken just prior to the attack (saying it would have been nice if Germany never aggreed to Nordstream, or all of a sudden wasn't reliant on it as Russia used it as a bargaining chip - which he wasn't wrong about). 
Now - plenty of reporting in the mainstream outlets has been produced to basically link this back to Ukrainian interests for the very clear reasons that many were citing initially. But, it drops 6 months after the fact and mostly goes under the radar. 
To take a maybe less charged topic (from a US political discourse standpoint) - the CIA drone strike of that child in Afghanistan while the pull out was occurring. Early on it was painted as retaliation and a successful strike against terrorists associated with the bombing at the airport barriers. Skeptical folks at the time figured this was only part of the story and it appeared to be a potential civilian/collateral damage nightmare. That was later reported - about 3-4 months after the fact and again got kind of sidelined. 
Many of us have just been trained to go along with the American War Machine. Whether we like to think so or not. Lots of money and our eliter interests are wrapped up with it, and they help push these narratives for the public to assist in pushing away counter narratives.
Podcasts mostly. BBC is still solid. Economist podcasts. The Daily (also biased but generally good). Plain English, Ezra Klein
If that was NPR’s original article, it’s really not bad other than the hundreds dead part. Even that isn’t so egregious. There were at least dozens killed as witnessed by reporters on the ground. US intelligence estimates several days later put it around 100-300. I haven’t found more recent numbers (if they even exist). The diocese that runs the hospital says 200.
It states both sides of what was (at the time) a he said she said situation. Heck, it’s still not clear who shot it (could be PIJ, but evidence for that is far from conclusive)z
One thing that has struck me for a while is the two sides no longer can agree on basic facts of history. They talk right past each other. The Palestinians for example talk as if (and maybe have been educated to think) the Jews showed up out of no where, forced them out, and just took half the land. This is obviously ahistorical but it doesn’t matter if they believe it. The two sides since then are in an endless regress of “well you did x,” “oh but only because you did y,” “but you did z…”
Frighteningly, I’ve noticed the American left and right are increasingly like this. Unable to even agree what basic facts are.
Thank you for your comment. I wrote what I wrote half jokingly as if you take “international” literally it means between nations and not between nations and terror organizations.
I'm late but ty :)
Israel doesn't have infinite interceptors. Each rocket fired by Hamas will kill someone if they have time to aim it.
That’s a blasé way of looking at it. This is a specific war amongst a greater general conflict in the same way that World War I and World War II were two separate conflicts even though they were related.
The Geneva conventions don't apply to non-uniformed terrorists in the first place.
You're incorrect here. 
>Israeli forces killed Faiq al Mabhouh, who is a senior official in the Hamas-run Interior Ministry, during the operation.[5] The IDF said that Mabhouh was the head of Hamas’ “Operations Directorate of the Internal Security Service,” while Hamas said that he was the “director of central operations of the Palestinian Police in Gaza.”[6] **The Civil Police and the Interior Ministry‘s Internal Security Forces both employ fighters from the Hamas military wing.[7]**
https://www.understandingwar.org/backgrounder/iran-update-march-18-2024
Wings of Hamas that are ostensibly "non-military" actually employ many members of the armed wing. This cross-pollination is done partially on purpose by Hamas, as it allows them to shield military operations behind non-military labels, which is perfidy.
Yes, that's what I mean - Hamas will count casualties as members. They also don't recognize the Geneva convention.
> It is against the Geneva convention to kill non-combatantants even if they are part of the enemy government.
Deliberate killing, yes. But in a situation where the combatant status is in doubt like in this, they are in a very gray area. [Perfidy](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Perfidy) is also a war crime and a person pretending to be a non-combatant and then opening fire (or similar) will lose their right both to be a POW and to civilian protection and will be shot in sight.
There is also this:
> Article 28
> The presence of a protected person may not be used to render certain points or areas immune from military operations.
> Article 43(2) of Additional Protocol I (AP1) to the Geneva Conventions of 1949
> If there is any doubt as to whether the person benefits from "combatant" status, they must be held as a POW until they have faced a "competent tribunal" (Article 5 of the Third Geneva Convention (GC III) to decide the issue.
Geneva Convention also bans using civilians as shields, so at that point the civilians around the combatants will be killed and the debate is whether killing those could have been avoided. However, in such a human shield case the responsibility is on the one using human shields.
In practice, in a warfare situation, the exit of civilians and surrendering soldiers from combat situation should be organized — which apparently has happened there, you see them taking tons of prisoners. That’s precisely what they should do. You don’t see them all massacred, and given the amount of prisoners, it’s very likely Israel did operate correctly.
Braindead take. Legitimacy of a kill isn't dependent on designation but about combat participation.
If you're a "civilian clerk" with an AK in a active warzone, you're a LK.
The only way to accuse Israel of wholesale murder, is actual wholesale evidence from the battlefield. 
A discrepancy of numbers between Hamas official terrorist count and reality means jackshit.
And yet every settler is an evil colonist, even the babies. Which means you can treat babies like combatants, which is how you get Oct 6th.
You kids have not thought this through.
If that was Israel’s strategy, the war would’ve been over on Oct 8th
1. I said Hamas/PIJ. You're basically insinuating a multi-day firefight in the hospial was staged, they were targeting civilians, and there are no terrorists in the hospital. 
2. Just wait until the IDF releases copius amounts of evidence of the operation, because I promise they will.
3. Get ready to admit you were wrong when the evidence releases. 
4. Like I said, if you think its normal for media to put a "spin" by ignoring terrorists were in the hospital, that is very close to pure evil and should be setting off alarm bells for any sane person who recognizes this. 
5. They are terrorists, not defenders. Why the hell do hundreds of armed Jihadis need to protect a fucking hospital dude. That alone makes you a terrorist. The IDF is not targeting civilians deliberately. I suggest you do some research on why people compare Hamas to ISIS. Check out Hamas.com
6. Even if IDF lied about the numbers, you should fully accept Hamas operates within civilian infrastructure for military and PR advantages at the expense of the lives of innocent Gazans. Once you fully realize that, you might just gain some sanity.  There is no "middle" of the truth in this situation. It can only be one: Israel targets civilians in a hospital, or Israel targets terrorists in a hospital. So which is it?
I’m not lying at all. It was a loooong “conversation” with someone who was saying that Hamas is a freedom-fighting, resistance organization & NOT a terrorist organization & that narrative is some right-wing diatribe in order to paint Hamas in bad light & anyone who goes along with that narrative is just simply racist. It then became a back & forth about Hamas’ statements concerning Jews & global jihad against Jews etc & the other individual was trying to say (did say) that for Hamas, “jihad” just means them asking the Muslim world for money & isn’t anything nefarious at all, & that Hamas is constantly seeking peace & harmony with Israel while Israel is rejecting it. Not lying & have no reason at all to make all that up!
Roughly 60% of the Israeli Jews are "mizrahi" Jews, who come from Arab countries and are "brown".
I was TOLD by a young, white US-based individual who is rabidly pro-Palestinian ✊🏽🤨 that there are NO Middle Eastern Jews in Israel. “There might be a few Ethiopians, but the rest are white…there are no Jews of Middle Eastern descent in Israel….they ALL migrated there from Europe in 1948 & stole everything from the indigenous Palestinians.” - And there are a SHIT TON of people out there who actually believe this.
Many Israelis are brown yes, but a lot of people want them to be white because they have a dominant position in the area.
If you are white, you benefit from a structurally racist system in ways that people of color can't.  You don't have to do or believe anything racist for this to be true.
If you are a person of color, you can hold beliefs that are fundamentally racist in nature against other groups.
I don't know why it's so hard for so many people to accept that both of these things are real.
I'm not certain whether or not you are a racist, but you are certainly annoying and have a victim complex.
Lebanon, Syria, Jordan, Egypt, Iraq, Saudi and Yemen lost a war in 1948. Palestinians did not exist as a political faction. Jordan had no plans to create a Palestinian country from the river to the see. Jordan gave up claims to the West Bank in favor of Palestinians in 1988.
Literally read Arab media through google translate and they say shit like "The occupied port of Haifa".
Right?
Just like how someone might say Israel has the right to defend itself and be talking about surgical and precise operations against Hamas while another person might say it and mean indiscriminately carpet bombing Gaza until nothing remains.
The BBC retracted that report when more information came out. That's how journalism works. 
How many articles have you read from sources you feel aren't "Pro-Hamas" that mention IDF soldiers shooting women and men with their hands up?
The Muslims that live there live under restrictions.  There are numerous areas they aren't allowed to live in.  Israel largely has de-facto segregation though there are a few places like Haifa where Jews and Muslims live side by side.
There is also a ban on inter-faith marriage, though if you have enough money you can get around this.
Don’t you think if they had no idea, they would also practice that restraint before repeating second-hand info from journalists whose sources might be just as questionable? 
This is where I’m getting hung up. The lack of objectivity is shifting the narrative so that people like me who are very left leaning but also extremely fact and reason focused get made out to be insane right wing Israel supporters just because the facts that end up coming out support Israel’s narrative for why they are in Gaza in the first place. What the fuck are 700 possible terrorists doing at a hospital? Things like this, and the tunnels being so prevalent that they are being found in the homes of everyday Gazans really make me wonder what the fuck is going on there. 
That’s my point 
I am trying to look at it from a place of reason and not react emotionally to the buzzwords “army” “raid” and “hospital” 
> First, you're really trying to frame me as one side or another. 
My guy, you're acting like we don't all have public comment histories that anyone can see, you aren't the subtle operator you imagine yourself to be.
What reason would Israel have to raid a hospital AGAIN at a moment when they are trying to keep the world from fully turning against them? It is absolutely beyond reason and to me that is the place that I end up landing at. They must have had justification for going in, and the fact that they were seemingly fired upon before entering and initiating any fire of their own seems to corroborate that something was up at the hospital. I don’t really know how much good faith you have in making your case here but I’m just trying to approach this from a place of common sense and rationality.
When Jihadi sources are also saying there was combat in the hospital that indicates that there were armed militants in there because nobody else would be putting up a fight. If there were armed militants there then Israel had cause to storm the hospital. I'm generally keen to believe a source that reports something that is not in their favour.
Tbh I don’t agree, I think AP and Reuters fall into the same “local journalist” traps that the others do where they end up employing propagandists without realizing. I don’t think anybody can read any single source and get an objective take anymore, you have to filter through a lot of muck.
The AP platformed “journalists” who were “embedded” with Hamas on 10/7. 
The top editor for Reuters in Lebanon covering the war recently hosted an AMA.  She was so anti-Israel, it was shocking a journalist in her position would be so obvious about it. 
If these are our gold standards, the media is in real trouble. 
this is different than the IDF denying they killed a journalist, if you raid a hospital and arrest 600 people + senior level Hamas militants and Hamas even comes out and admits that it’s true then it’s probably true. I’m not taking any claim at face value, I’m just considering the underlying factors before making up my mind.
What do you think will happen to the areas that are nothing but ruins when or if this ever stops? Do you honestly think Palestinians will ever have the change to live there again? Or will Israel expand their settlements in the region?
Yeah I guess they have to do it little by little - not too much at a time - so that the Western friends won't get too mad about it.
History is not more important than human life and dignity.
Also why tf are you calling them Palestinians? Shouldn’t they be called Israelis since, according to you, that’s where they were born and live?
Ad populum.
Thank you for demonstrating yourself
You've mistakenly assumed me for a pro-Hamas person, and somewhat illustrated my point. I generally side a lot more with Israel on this conflict, since I actually read up on the history of the region. And my post history would confirm this stance as well.
Nowhere did I imply it's the middle for most other things too, I said "this situation". I also said "somewhere" in the middle, not "both sides are just as bad".
Hamas is abhorrent, and many Palestinians support them. But at the same time, many would love to not be under their control anymore and to be able to live their lives. And just like I don't judge all black people by the actions of subgroup, I don't judge and then condemn all Palestinians to death for the actions of Hamas and those who joined in on the slaughter.
Yes, I would agree that people on the Israeli side tend to be more open about flaws and critical of them, but that doesn't change the fact that those flaws are there. By "truth", I meant the realities of the conflict, not which side is more open to the realities.
Still waiting for those 40 beheaded babies
> When the IDF killed civilians who were trying to get food from supply trucks, this was immediately admitted to.
No, the IDF first claimed it was a stampede, then that the truck drivers ran over people, then that it was hamas. Funny thing is, they have drone footage, which they chose to edit. So presumably they knew the full story from the beginning.
i got you bro. post-modern style
Don’t threaten me with a good time
My suggestion is purely speculation based on my understanding of the culture and societal pressures of the population. 
Regardless, objectively it would be operationally prudent for the IDF to assume every male encountered in such a raid is a possible hostile and detain them until it can be determined otherwise.
Where that analogy fails is that the Jews did not openly or subversively intend and attempt to murder any and all Germans with the express aim of complete extermination. 
The same is not true of the majority of Gazans. From before the wall and blockade it was very clear they wish to kill all of the Jews worldwide. Upwards of 80%+ see the horrors of Oct. 7th as a good thing and would wish for it to happen again.
The ultimate practitioner awaiting its ultimate trade.
But they also cooperate in their own group. You need an in-group before you have a war against another troop.
>troops of chimps 
My point exactly..
In fairness, Hamas has a ready audience of 2 Billion Muslims worldwide compared with the 16M Jews, almost half of which live there. That’s orders of magnitude difference. Like, graph that in Excel and the “Jews” bar is barely visible. 
Now you can add in some Americans, evangelical, some people elsewhere, but overall there is not a neutral space into which this conflict is extended. It’s a heavily weighted space like the UN having about 56 countries that are Muslim to 1 Jewish. No wonder Israel is the target of 1/2 the resolutions. But in the online world there’s no veto by a strong ally. 
Now add in China and Russia who are no great Israeli allies but powerful in the online propaganda space and there’s a massive imbalance.  So while I agree Israel could manage their narrative better, they’re also playing on a very tilted field.
> In contrast I feel like Israel has really dropped the ball in promoting a point of view that is acceptable to the world at large
Not really. It doesn't matter how they "promote" their view point. People hate Jews.
They are in a fight for their survival and right to exist. They don't need to explain to everyone.  If everyone can't see it, its because they chose not too.
Curious, as to what POV you’d point out? What would you do differently from a public relations standpoint? I feel that while the anti-semetism card may be overplayed Israel is at a huge disadvantage regardless of what they do. The west progressive movement sees them as white oppressors and it’s hard to change this PoV. As long as Israel defends themselves and seek/ destroy Gaza they will be vilified. At this point, even refraining from defending themselves would be criticized.
I agree with this.  Israel is so used to being hated that honestly I think they kinda stopped caring.  They underestimate(d) the importance of public opinion in the US and europe.
Any recent settlements need to forcefully evicted yesterday and that should be contingent on nothing on the part of Palestine.
That said, the settlements, as far as Israel's existence is concerned, are a relatively recent development. Israel's existence was under threat from the surrounding Arab states and its perception among the international world was between uncaring and negative for long before them.
My presumption is it’s much more difficult to appear as the good guys on IDF combat videos since they are so keen to mistreating civilians
Well I said Hamas has done a good job at it but they’re still losing the actual war on the ground. They’re all shuttered in rafah. Tunnels destroyed, thousands of fighters killed etc
I mean look how much pushback they get after a literal massive terror attack. If they were just prepping without cause, I’m sure there’d be a ton of opposition. That said, they have a ton of data on battalions, members and leaders and that’s why they’ve eliminated so many higher ups.
I think they did have a plan to invade, but they knew there was no need to start immediately. Gaza wasn't going anywhere, and Hamas had already done all the preparation they could. Israel took the time to call up reserves and prepare the ground with air-strikes. They had all the hardware they needed already, like armoured bulldozers and robots for exploring tunnels. They're not still waiting for vital equipment like Ukraine.
A few days or weeks before the tanks started rolling is irrelevant. What matters was the hours between Hamas breaking though the border wall and an effective reaction.
What they don't seem to have a plan for, is how to keep Hamas out of Gaza in the future.
Agreed on the they are a proxy terrorist grouping but that definition doesn’t give Iran complete control over them. 
If we start to view people as just proxies with no agencies makes it easier to paint enemies as the true evil in the world that have no rationality this makes it impossible to predict their actions as we can just discount them as evil. 
Humans will always work in what they view their best interest is. While yea the ramifications of Hamas actions are splitting the us and Israel to put that as their intent seems to be a reach. 
Great point it’s viewed as a great honor to be a martyr for Islam in the Middle East and I’m all for Israel sending as many Hamas terrorists as possible on that journey they so desperately desire. 
The alternative isn’t leaving Hamas in power, it’s eliminating them in a way that is less destructive to civilians and infrastructure in Gaza.  This may not be possible militarily, but many people seem to think it is.  Who knows those people may be closet antisemites.
I don't think Israel could do something from the beginning when less then couple of hours into Oct 7th the media was flooded with terrorists glorifies the slaughter of Jews and already multiple organizations and unis sent letters (bills? I think it's called) accusing Israel of Oct 7th... And even before Israel started to respond most western medias  spread misinformation about Israel Palestine war and how Israel is the "white supremacists" etc etc... 
Even now many ppl eat pro terrorists posts and say they are the only reliable source... When in 99% of their sources ppl clearly can see how many details was changed or wasn't told
The public communication on the conflict isn't about trying to create a good life for Palestinians or Israelis, it's about which group of elites will wield the most power over others.
Cope
I'm not here being an apologist for bloodshed, my hands are clean
Yea I've been following that since 2014, and the Syrian civil war subreddits since 2012. The west isn't freaking out and the horrors are shown in 4k because Ukraine has the moral high ground in that war. They can show us people.dying every day and it will make us want to support Ukraine more. 
The reason there is so much obfuscation and misinformation with the Israel/Palestine war, is that there is no moral high ground. It's a massacre, started by a massacre. It's fucked all around, but Israel and it's allies want to continue, so they have to cloud how horrible what they are doing actually is. That's why you don't see the pics of children pulled from the rubble on a sub like here that is very pro-israel, and that's also why headlines like these are taken at face value and other headlines talking about Israel torturing folks aren't.
1/10 have seen better.
A disgusting list of neoliberal drivel
A lot of that is also the underdog mantra and wanting to make everything about good guy vs bad guy.  There is one hell of a lot of history being rewritten right now trying to make the side of choice squeaky clean while rewriting everyone else as cartoon level villains.
Bro, you’re speaking facts man. w take
Yes that’s terrible they are doing that. I’m not here trying to justify what HAMAS does like Israel supporters try and justify killing children and bombing hospitals. My hatred of war is nonpartisan.
This has been one long occupation. To deny the history of it is to stick your head in the sand. This back and forth goes back way before October 7th. So to look at the history and the causes of it is blasé? I know willful ignorance is celebrated now but give me break.
I do not agree with the killing of Israeli children. The solution is not the killing of Palestinian children.
Do you know of a way to kill all fighting age males in a city in 1 day? Without harming the rest of the population?
And if this is your response, you definitely missed the point.
That depends upon how one defines who is what race.  Semitic races (Arabs and Jews) are sometimes classified as white, while other times they are not.  Also Persians (the people of Iran) are defined as white, and not Semitic in any way.  
Racism is incredibly complicated once you go past a surface level understanding of it.  Even scarier is how prevalent it is on both sides of the political spectrum, just materializing in different ways.
A friend told me with a straight face that a majority of Israelis are from New York. 
This is fucked up, more than half of Israeli Jews are descended from Mizrahi Jews. Some Israelis are white, some are not
Its just a skin color, it doesnt have the historical context it has in the west
Even if Israelis did all migrate from Europe, did that moron ever stop to consider why jews wound up in Europe in the first place?
So frustrating
Because these are fundamentally different concepts with different levels of moral weight, as well as different placements on a personal vs. societal level.
The first one is structural racism, where the shape of society can favour certain groups over others.  But while it can be enabled by many people making bigoted choices, it can also quite easily involve no one being bigoted, but instead making self-interested choices using skewed incentives.  There is not necessarily any person fault that a person can be called out for.
The other is traditionally what is referred to as racism, and is when a person reduces others simply to their skin colour.  People getting called out for this is right and proper, and necessary.
The conflation of these two terms as being the same thing waters down both concepts and makes it easier for both causes to be brushed off and dismissed.
I know the history but saying all of that would just confuse people. Also Gaza was Egypt until it wasn’t, it’s all such a clusterfuck.
The difference is that one isn’t being used to spread antisemitic conspiracy across the globe
Do you know how the retractions work? 
They don't publish them on the front page, those get stuck in a dedicated little section that I dare you to find on your own without any hints on their website. This is a tactic that propaganda places use all the time to make themselves look more legit. They scream at the top of their lungs things that make their enemies look bad and then when they're called out on it They do as little as possible to retract the statement. For example bearing the retraction in a little subsection of the website nested within multiple pages.
Then they get the benefit of spreading the propaganda but also claiming that they're still legitimate because they were attract to the statement. Useful idiots like yourself don't realize that and then defend them further granting them legitimacy.
Yep.  People tend to overlook the majority of civilians actively support hamas.
The hell are you talking about? Israel's Muslims have no restrictions, they have the same right as any Jew in Israel and are allowed to live anywhere in Israel. This is just nonsense, where specifically are Muslims not allowed to live? I live here and there's no such place.
As for marriage, it's because in Israel you can only have a religious marriage, so it's the same kind of discrimination gays have to deal with - nothing specifically anti Muslim. Weddings from abroad are recognized in Israel, including inter-faith ones.
Looking at your original post, they probably didn't report the numbers because they weren't known at the time. They were just reporting that the attack was going on. The numbers came out later in the day, so they were reported later in the day.
And your "reason" is aligning with what this is telling you over what the other sources tell you.
Lol what an idiot.
Go for it? I think I'm pretty objective, but feel free to prove me wrong.
I would simply say you should have as much skepticism for this source as you do for the others. 
Your attempts to fill in justification, and contradictory wording of "the FACT that they were SEEMINGLY fire upon" indicate a fair degree of bias.
I think that Israel will leave, because they already tried to establish settlements in Gaza once, and they pulled them out in 2006-sometimes violently when the extremist settlers refused to leave. They tried it, and they gave up already.
Yet the Gaza status quo stays the same for almost 20 years and only changed when they attacked
Yet you want me to listen to your conspiracy theory rather than reality?
Then you should really be a lot more careful about how you phrase things.
Saying "the truth is somewhere in the middle, there are bad things on both sides" very much makes it sound like you're suggesting the sides are even *comparable* in the first place.
They are not.
On one side there are islamofascist terrorists whose expressly stated goal is the complete eradication of all Jews in the region.
On the other side is a modern democracy with a professional military, and all the usual nuances that come with that.
Any comparison or suggested comparison that even pretends they are starting from the same baseline is doing a massive disservice to truth.
And I got him, Gangnam Style. 👍
You haven't seen his wife...
How about just bombing men walking around unarmed? Just ripping their bodies to shreds at a distance. Is that justified?
Yeah it works pretty good actually. Only fails when you, like your doing, ignore history. 
Also just to be clear, im not "pro" either group, hell id love to burn the entire zone down and claim it for America but that would give evangelicals a hard on that i cant stand for so. Lol
But individuals fight amongst each other prior to the existence of any groups. It’s human nature
Well put.
This post deserves gold in itself
I fully agree, and this is a point I’ve tried to explain to people. 
Israel doesn’t *try* all that hard to win the propaganda war, or even really try to manage international opinion. Because they know their enemies have an exponential advantage in those areas. And even if they did everything the international community asked, they would still be consistently vilified and always shown in the worst possible light. Even if their enemies had to lie to do it.
The best they can do, really, is to act as morally as possible, and ensure that the truth is documented. So that history, and the few impartial observers who are willing to dig through all the BS, might be swayed.
The launched the oct 7 invasion to derail the Abraham accords and stop normalization of ties with Saudi Arabia
I see alot of people compare it to afghanistan which is truly shows the lack of understanding of both conflicts. Afghanistan was a vast mountainous region with plenty of caves to hide in to run a guerrilla war from.   
Meanwhile hamas is confined to fighting in gaza a city while can give advantages to defense isn't setup for a guereilla war that the taliban fought for years. And everyone would like a less destructive way to end hamas and send them to their dear beloved allah sooner than isreal is doing but no one gives valid solutions other than israel should just stop defending themselves. Que the ceasefire now who are so stupid they can't understand they are calling for a armistice not a ceasefire. 
I do see the possibility of a military victory for israel as I don't view it as a afghanistan situation for them. Isreal won't stop if the us just stops supporting them that should be pretty clear by now. They are a highly developed nation with a military industrial complex that punches far above its weight and will just push them towards other less savory allies. 
  
In my opinion we should support those who are more closely aligned to our western values and wouldn't throw gays off of buildings but who knows that might just be the progressive in me.
Cope with what? I’m not the geopolitically illiterate one here.
If its so intentionally blurry then how do you know exactly what is going on there and that the world will be surprised? You are not more informed then entire governments, and the fact that you think you are shows that you are the only one coping here.
Look at what you chose to comment on a post about hundreds of terrorists hiding in a hospital. You are, in effect, turning attention away from war crimes. That's not better.
Israel has a very clear goal and Hamas is getting weaker every day. You seriously think it makes any sense to compare oct 7 to israels response? Did Hamas call on Israelis to evacuate their homes before entering? Did they give the people food and water? If you think the “both sides” is the reality than you are clearly not very educated on this conflict.
And you're making my point, for which I appreciate it.
Then why’d you said it was the original article? I went with what you said. I did check archive to see if there were older versions that didn’t have both sides’ claims. If it exists, it didn’t get archived.
Can you show me the stories saying casualties were minimal? I haven’t seen them.
Agreed.
But you're here spruking hamas propaganda that all Palestinians are labelled hamas fighters in casualty counts, despite Israel releasing civilian casualty counts.
Oh yeah - it is bat-shit crazy how many people absolutely believe that stuff.
I reckon you ain't friends no more, aight?
I’ve often asked that question to people too. Them: “Jews aren’t native to the Middle East if they’re born in Europe.” Me: “So an African person born in England isn’t native to Africa? An Asian person  born in the US isn’t native to Asia?” No - apparently *those* are different. 🙄
Well said.
Yeah. But it's being used to spread Islamophobic conspiracies sooooooooo.
Maybe it's okay to agree that both these things are bad? Is that allowed?
Numerous locations throughout Israel have admissions committees for residency, which function to keep areas Jewish-only.
You are correct in pointing out that marriage laws are as detrimental to Jews as they are to Muslims.  I'm pointing out that this is yet one more way that Israel keeps Jews and Muslims separated, and is a barrier to long term peace.
By yesterday AM it was reported that there were 90 Hamas gunmen and 160 people taken for questioning, so yeah the numbers were definitely updated today but the general narrative of the operation happening because Hamas was at Al Shifa was still being shoved aside to focus on the humanitarian cost without really discussing the root cause of Israel raiding the hospital in the first place.
I’ve explained it pretty well in the other comments I’ve responded to you with 
Prove you wrong? You haven't made any statements of fact, you just keep vaguely suggesting that people be "objective" while your history suggests you have a very definite position on this topic. 
It's not like you're the first person to play this game, it's a low-grade form of trlling.
There’s body cam footage and surveillance footage as well as literal guns as evidence to corroborate. I am just as skeptical as you when Israel denies killing journalists by accident but things like this work the same way on the other side and it’s really looking like Israel had a reason to go back in.
It’s not about opinion or bias it is about the integrity of their sources and whether there is ill-intent behind the information passed on by them and the way it’s presented. I would have to do some digging to find examples of this but the first things I can think of are the Reuters photographers who accompanied Hamas on their 10/7 assault, laughing about the photos they took documenting the murder of Israeli soldiers on a livestream because of the global attention it would bring their cause.
Easy example is npr. They refer to the war as either Israel’s war in Gaza or the Israel offensive. They don’t refer to Hamas as terrorists. Even bbc will caveat that some governments considers Hamas terrorists.  When quoting Hamas, they refer to them as Palestinian officials. They often interview Palestinian experts but leave out the experts associations with Hamas or their clear anti-Israel stance. They frequently report the Palestinian perspective and the few times they bring on Israelis or Jewish people, it’s usually someone against the war. 
Bias is also seen in what they don’t report. For instance, they’ll report that Israel fired rockets in Lebanon, but they leave out that hezb has been firing rockets into Israel since October. They also didnt give anywhere near as much coverage to Hamas firing rockets into Israel. 
I could keep going. If you don’t see the bias, you either get your news from limited sources or are anti-Israel yourself. 
The AMA Reuters held here recently. It probably does not qualify as a 'non-opinion piece', but featured so much bias as to taint their reporting entirely.
I'm sorry, what is the conspiracy you refer to?
> On the other side is a modern democracy with a professional military, and all the usual nuances that come with that.
A modern democracy with checkpoints all over the country, cars waved through with Israeli plates, entire car dismantled with Palastinian plates.
Not a professional military, a conscript army with all the amateurishness that goes along with that. Perhaps you meant moral?
Your post is a massive disservice to the truth.
Did they orchestrate or carry out attacks that tortured, raped and killed non-combatants and children? If that is so then the answer is unequivocally yes. 
Going by the generally accepted rules of engagement your circumstance would be justified had the person in question simply orchestrated or carried out attacks exclusively on military targets - but that has never been the way these terrorists operate.
And that’s in their interests to do so. 
Coping with your ideology forcing you to cheer on a blood bath.
I'm not denying reality here. I see the vids coming from Israel and the vids coming from those living in Gaza. I don't think the world is surprised. Why do you think support for Israel wanes by the day? Why has the US drafted a ceasefire? Because the situation is untenable.
I've been around the block long enough to know that all nations call all their enemies terrorists. Standard protocol. I guess they've been charged and tried for the crimes of terrorism then? It's propaganda designed for Those that are for it to cheer on and feel vindicated. If you wanted the full perspective of the war then you would also weigh this against the reports of torture and executions  
Israles.does have a clear goal. And in executing that goal they have killed tens of thousands. No, there's no point in comparing oct7 to Israel's response. They are two separate things. They are both terrible. We can analyse them independently,
You should have just somehow known the key detail he left out. Stop being ridiculous!
I also checked and like you said, the earliest version, published on the day of the incident, did give both accounts of it (https://web.archive.org/web/20231017234520/https://www.npr.org/2023/10/17/1206282283/gaza-aid-israel-hamas-biden-visit)
>"The hospital was hit as a result of a failed rocket launched by the Islamic Jihad terrorist organization," IDF Spokesperson Rear Admiral Daniel Hagari said. "The terrorist organizations within the Gaza Strip fire indiscriminately toward Israel. Since the beginning of the war, approximately 450 rockets launched toward Israel have fallen within Gaza, endangering and harming the lives of Gazan residents."
Seems like fair reporting to me.
I don’t think people saying Israel has a right to defend themselves spreads Islamophobia in the same way that calling all Israelis white European occupiers does with antisemitism. Yes, Islamophobia and antisemitism are both awful but one is being spread at an exponential level and demonizing and marginalizing history’s most demonized and marginalized group even more.
You just said my comment history belies bias. Prove it? Pretty sure I don't write strong opinions on the subject.
If there is, I'll believe it. Doesn't seem like there's any in this article, but I definitely am not that deep into this conflict news. Will still be skeptical of their numbers of course, but I'm willing to change opinions with better information
 The conspiracy of Israel wanting to occupy Gaza for the last 20 years
Cute attempt.
It's telling that you haven't got a single original thought, instead preferring to just take what I said and attempt to mock it with the usual talking points.
>A modern democracy with checkpoints all over the country
What do checkpoints have to do with democracy? Also, what exactly do you mean by "all over the country"? Last I checked, the checkpoints were at the borders, just like every other country on the planet.
>entire car dismantled with Palastinian plates.
Source?
>Not a professional military, a conscript army with all the amateurishness that goes along with that.
What does this even mean lmao? Just because there is mandatory military service doesn't mean it's "amateurish". 
> Perhaps you meant moral?
No, I meant what I said. Nice try.
Not just Iran and russias. 
And these reports of torture and execution, on the other hand, are not propaganda. Because...?
Sure, I can agree with you there. Of course based off the Palestinian narrative of “proportionality” it very much is a point in comparing the two and explaining how Hamas’ deliberate targeting of civilians, and the widespread horrible atrocities committed might pale into comparison to the gaza invasion. That is ignoring the fact that israel has warned civilians that their building is a target and has entire teams dedicated to calling gazans and giving them orders to evacuate their buildings.
There is a clear difference in the motives and expected outcomes for both sides, one wants to annihilate the other and the second wants to not be annihilated. Dismantling Hamas and deradicalizing gaza is a must. Forget Israel’s security, Palestinians have been hurt the most by Hamas’ attack because the peace process has been set back decades and potentially even bren lost in the eyes of the average Israeli.
I'm not going to spam your comment history here, and not just because Reddit is so twitchy that you could probably successfully report it. 
I will give a time-frame though, as of 2 months ago you were peddling the same, "Fog of war, who can tell, terrorists or a government with vast international oversight... basically the same," crap.
I would certainly encourage anyone to peruse that history before taking your stance on this conflict, or you, seriously.
What I’m saying is that Reuters or AP reporting what a local journalist tells them doesn’t have to be an opinion for it to be spreading misinformation 
I saw this ama as well. The person is a senior editor responsible for covering the war. Her views will influence coverage since she is responsible for it. It’s a big deal. It wasn’t someone in Idaho covering college basketball. 
Thank you for the compliment on my cuteness, but I am rather discussing facts, which you seem ignorant of.
I live in a modern democracy, and we don't have military checkpoints all over the country, which Israel does. It suggests a lack of civil stability, which is not a feature of most modern democracies.
I have personally witnessed the Palastinian cars get dismantled as I happily sailed through the checkpoint in my Israeli plated car. I just switched the radio over from the arabic rap I found, to a more anodyne radio station, and it was all cool.
The IDF is a conscript army, and conscripts are indeed mostly amateurish. I guess the IDF has its pro tip of the spear door kicker units, but the IDF is famously universally conscripted. I don't know why you trying to argue this, they are largely a conscript army. Your go.
I never said they weren't? I'm saying they should be treated with the same scrutiny. if you put weight in this headline then you should put weight in the others too, at least then you have a more nuanced view. But they are all propaganda, and it's dumped on us heavy because in  this war all sides are still struggling to have the moral high ground because it's terrible no matter how you slice it.
>  Palestinians have been hurt the most by Hamas’ attack because the peace process has been set back decades and potentially even bren lost in the eyes of the average Israeli.
True. But this is also an admission that Israel doesn't want peace, and that the average Israeli wants blood and thus also an admission that this *is* intentionally a massacre. Why are condemning Hamas but turning a blind eye or even being apologist to the other half of this equation that don't want peace? Palestinians were no doubt harmed by Hamas actions, but that's indirect harm through some kind of transubstantiation of Israel's direct harm of Palestinians somehow being Hamas fault. The ones killing innocent people are the ones doing the harm. The blame stops there,.it's that simple. If that be Hamas or Israel that fired the bullet or dropped the bomb then they are the actor to blame. 
> I live in a modern democracy, and we don't have military checkpoints all over the country, which Israel does. It suggests a lack of civil stability, which is not a feature of most modern democracies.
No, it suggests a war with one's neighbours.
Also worth noting that I asked you what you meant by "all over the country", and you very conspicuously ignored that.
>I have personally witnessed the Palastinian cars get dismantled as I happily sailed through the checkpoint in my Israeli plated car. I just switched the radio over from the arabic rap I found, to a more anodyne radio station, and it was all cool.
So your "source" is a personal anecdote? What do you even mean by "dismantled"? Do you have any evidence that this was a regular occurrence, or that it was in any way unwarranted?
So much for "facts"...
>The IDF is a conscript army, and conscripts are indeed mostly amateurish. I guess the IDF has its pro tip of the spear door kicker units, but the IDF is famously universally conscripted. I don't know why you trying to argue this, they are largely a conscript army. Your go.
I never denied they were a conscript army.
That does not preclude them being a professional army.
Conscript is the opposite of *volunteer*.
I should also note, that literally ALL of this is just a bunch of irrelevant nitpicking that in no way changes the point I was making - that one cannot compare Hamas and Israel as though they were even in the same category.
You have to understand that Hamas didnt just carry out an attack like they did in a vacuum, the Palestinian people greatly support such brutality and cheer it on. Does Israel and Israelis want peace? Of course, but how can we have peace when it is obvious that only one side adheres to that notion of working for peace.
Also not what I’m saying. I said they still fall into the “local sources” trap not that they are more susceptible to it. What I am saying is literally that the past 18 years of indoctrination in Gaza have taught people that suffering brings attention to their cause so the local journalists who may also be connected to Hamas through family or financial means have a vested interest in telling a story from the perspective that maximizes suffering. This is also what I think happened in the case of the journalist making claims of IDF torturing doctors.
Neighbours? Would you care to clarify this term? If by state, then I suppose you mean Gaza? Please clarify what you mean.
By military checkpoints all over the country, I mean military checkpoints all over the country. Or Israeli border police, maybe you consider them non military.
As to my source, I saw everyone in the Palastinian van out in the hot sun, hands on head, one guy taking everything out of the van, already a load of stuff on the road. I saw this with my own eyes, and was waved through. do you accuse me of lying?
You never said they were a conscript army. you said they were a professional army. Like the us army, or the uk army, ie not conscripts. It does indeed proclude them being a professional army. They might "act" professionally, but that is a deeper question. So your statement was false.
I agree, inaccurate to the point of lying is indeed irrelevant to your wider moral claims. That is sarcasm, by the way. Your go. I give you some thinking time.
Then you have to understand that the israelis don't want peace either. Hamas doesn't launch rockets unprovoked. Israel has been perpetually terrorizing the Palestinians since before Hamas existed. It's been a perpetual back and forth of escalation for decades. Israel isn't innocent, they just have more power. 
Once you stop looking at this war through the lens of "only one side works towards peace" it all makes so much more sense
>Neighbours? Would you care to clarify this term? If by state, then I suppose you mean Gaza? Please clarify what you mean.
Are you serious? You accuse me of being ignorant of facts, yet you need me to "qualify" what neighours Israel is at war or otherwise in conflict with?
Let's go down the list, shall we, and to keep things simple we'll stick strictly to nations/groups that actually border Israel:
* Syria: Has been officially at war since 1948, though they haven't done much of anything since they lost most of the Golan heights in 1967.
* Lebanon: Technically not at war, however anyone holding an Israeli passport, or any other passport with an Israeli stamp or visa, is barred from entry. They also largely turn a blind eye to the Iran-backed militia Hezbollah, which is pretty much the same deal as Hamas, and controls the southern regions which border Israel. They have been firing various munitions towards Israel since Oct. 7th
* Jordan: Actually at peace, and generally views Israel as an ally. Despite this, they still frequently pay lip service to Palestinian talking points.
* Egypt: Pretty much same deal as Jordan, though they seem far less stable, given the relatively recent history of coups.
* Gaza: Not sure I have to explain this one.
* West Bank: The PA is *nominally* at peace, or at least in a state of ceasefire, though no official peace agreement has ever been signed, so essentially in the same boat as Syria. They cooperate with Israel where it benefits them, but then they also provide the pay-to-slay Martyr's fund.
And that's just the official governments. There are like 3-4 different terrorist groups within Palestine that all want Israel eradicated.
>By military checkpoints all over the country, I mean military checkpoints all over the country. Or Israeli border police, maybe you consider them non military.
So... where *precisely* are they located? Is it perhaps at the *border*? Are you telling me your country doesn't have any sort of border control?
>As to my source, I saw everyone in the Palastinian van out in the hot sun, hands on head, one guy taking everything out of the van, already a load of stuff on the road. I saw this with my own eyes, and was waved through. do you accuse me of lying?
Depends, do you consider intentionally using misleading language to elicit a specific response to be lying?
"Dismantling a car" is not remotely the same thing as "searching a vehicle". I'm not going to sit here and pretend that Israeli border police were likely being kind in how they went about this... but it's curious that you still felt the need to make it sound worse.
>You never said they were a conscript army. you said they were a professional army. Like the us army, or the uk army, ie not conscripts. It does indeed proclude them being a professional army. They might "act" professionally, but that is a deeper question. So your statement was false.
... No.
I literally JUST said that "conscript" and "professional" are not opposites. The term you are looking for is "volunteer army", which I never used.
"Professional" means exactly what it sounds like - that it is a profession. The IDF is a professional army. It's members are full-time and are paid. That mandatory service exists is irrelevant, because *why* you serve has nothing to do with whether or not it is a professional army. 
Besides which, you're making it sound as if the entire IDF is composed of conscripts. This is not remotely the case. Mandatory service is only ~3 years. Anyone staying on longer than that is doing so voluntarily, and all NCOs and other officers are volunteers. I would also expect that most actual combat troops, particularly in more elite units that would likely being most of the heavy lifting in Gaza, are going to be volunteers, simply due to the benefits of experience and training.
>I agree, inaccurate to the point of lying is indeed irrelevant to your wider moral claims.
What???
>That is sarcasm, by the way. Your go. I give you some thinking time.
You sure do like falling back on condescension when you run out of actually useful things to say...
I live here and everyone around me wants peace and end to war, I do not live in Tel Aviv.
How has Israel terrorized Palestinians? They brought it upon themselves by supporting and committing and funding terrorism against Israelis, I cannot support that and no Palestinian who actually wants peace can either.
Read up on what amnesty international has written about the Israel Palestine conflict 
https://www.amnesty.org/en/location/middle-east-and-north-africa/israel-and-occupied-palestinian-territories/report-israel-and-occupied-palestinian-territories/#:~:text=Israeli%20forces%20killed%20151%20Palestinians,killings%20and%20apparent%20extrajudicial%20executions.
Completely irrelevant to what I said and if it is then explain rather than effortlessly posting links. I gave you a well written response so give me a reason to check the link.
You asked what Israel has done to Palestine. I sent you a link. Were you gonna just take my word for it if I made claims without a source? I don't see how you could possibly see how what I linked is irrelevant to your question.
You are either not arguing in good faith or are ignorant ad hell.
Ok gotcha so nothing to say, you call me ignorant when I provide a source. It's your choice to read it or not, But don't call me the ignorant one when you are the one burying your head in the sand.
Nah you just claim to be fighting something you aren’t fighting for
That's just an excuse to stay ignorant. I've made several points. This war is blurry because it's ugly. Neither side has the moral high ground.
