This post is getting locked because all the new comments have just been rules violations.
No, this behavior is not new. The Palestinian movement has always been an expression of murderous antisemitism, collecting excuses and lies over time.
But finally they are giving us the footage to show the world
Here's a section of the Hamas "covenant," just to give people some insight into their goals, which is to kill Jews. That's the reason for their existence: 
... Moreover, if the links have been distant from each other and if  obstacles, placed by those who are the lackeys of Zionism in the way of  the fighters obstructed the continuation of the struggle, the Islamic  Resistance Movement aspires to the realisation of Allah's promise, no  matter how long that should take. The Prophet, Allah bless him and grant  him salvation, has said:     
 "The Day of Judgement will not come about until Moslems fight the Jews -- killing the Jews -- when the Jew will hide behind stones and trees. The  stones and trees will say O Moslems, O Abdulla, there is a Jew behind  me, come and kill him. Only the Gharkad tree, (evidently a certain kind  of tree) would not do that because it is one of the trees of the Jews."  
They are murderers. They are rapists, they are cowards, and if they had their way, they would commit genocide.
They are just following their religion. Don’t they have the right to follow Islam? Hear me out:
Their prophet asked his companions to capture women of invaded non Muslims, rape them and the take them as slaves. **When some companions objected he said that doing so would please Allah and so his companions raped those women.** Now following in the Prophet’s footsteps is considered Sunnah and a great virtue. **So Hamas guys are just doing it to please Allah.**
Never expect Muslim fighters to not rape women during war because while other cultures have a few bad apples, their religion actively encourages it.
All Palestinian movements or just Hamas?
Answer me this : who helped fund hamas? ;)
How are israelis any different? They have been busy making paletinian lives worse too. It is very obvious for israel to face a backlash too
 The Palestinian movement has always been an expression of murderous antisemitism,
Weird, considering Israel has killed exponentially more Palestinians than Hamas has killed Israelis
https://www.hrw.org/news/2023/08/28/west-bank-spike-israeli-killings-palestinian-children
You're right Israel has been killing children for a while now
Central European here.
Before, I was undecided, thinking both were a problem, but with a certain sympathy for Palestine.
Well, now the sides are clear to me and I hope that Israel gets rid of Hamas once and for all, even if it gets messy.
Too bad it took you this long.
You Europeans are living in la-la-land.
[deleted]
You overlooked the Ottoman (Turkish) invasion of Palestine in 1516, which lasted until the British took control in 1920.
It's the homeland of EVERYONE who lives there. It doesn't belong to the jews only. Arabs have been living there for generations.
So does Palestine my friend.
https://www.hrw.org/news/2023/08/28/west-bank-spike-israeli-killings-palestinian-children
So genocide is good when Israel does it? Killing children is good when Israel does it?
Sure, but newsflash - there are no homelands. No one has a homeland. Everyone is from anywhere they can go and more people should realize that.
 fought for and established a liberal democracy on their historic homeland 
It was theirs over half a century ago. Take a look at a global map from 500 years ago, no way is it justifiable for everyone to go to war to put the borders back where they were back then. 
"My great-great-great-great-great-great-great-grandfather lived here so we're going to bulldoze your homes and leave you with less than 10% of your land by force" - no amount of mental gymnastics can justify that.
That is highly reductive.
In the greater course of history, nations have risen and fallen, often through the course of war and conquest, and new ones rise in their place.
Israel is not the ancient kingdom of Judah, no more that Italy is the Roman Empire, no more than Iraq is Babylon, no more than any modern Arab/North African state is the Abbysid Calaphate. Also, Germany is not the Holy Roman Empire either.
You don't get to just resurrect and ancient empire. Those examples where given for a reason, you can lookup who tried doing that with those states and the results and how they are generally treated.
Blood and Soil is nonsense.
*furiously taking notes*
so the last race or religion to conquer an area is the rightful victor and deserves protections?
You had me until the end. On what basis are you claiming the Holocaust is the worst genocide in human history?
The connection to the land of the people who have been living on that land continuously, in living memory, for generations outweigh whatever claims you feel you have because of an ancient text.
So you believe native North Americans have a right to their historic homeland?
All I can say is … well said!! Israel and its multiple branches of descendants from ancient people have had to fight for their existence for millennia. They’re world population is a drop in the bucket and yet the fact they’re  still here is no short of miraculous. I’m Afro Indigenous and I have always been in solidarity with Jewish peoples and the state of Israel.
Losing control of a land several times over sounds like a horrible argument for why someone should get it a fourth or fifth time over.  And now the consequences of that choice will be never ending pain for everyone involved.
I was coming of age during the second intifada and learned about Israel and Palestine and became pro-Palestinian. Over the past several years I've been becoming more pro-Israel as I journied from conservative to liberal to socialist. Also prior to this I came out, so this has been a journey for sure.
It's incredibly naive to be LGBT and to support an ideology that would murder you the moment they had a chance. I believe the Star Wars effect play into this as well where there is this understanding that if you are a smaller resistance fighting against an empire then you are automatically the underdog and right by default.
I want peace. I want a two state solution. I want a free and secure Palestine alongside Israel. But if one side only sees peace as possible so long as the otherside is cleansed from the land... Ultimately what has happened over the past couple days is going to turn many middle of the road types more into the pro-Israel camp.
Your point about the LGBTQ community never ceases to amaze me. There is a huge but irrational overlap there
Welcome to the side of reason.  I wish it wouldn't have taken a massacre to bring you over, but I'm happy to have you.
Israel has been slaughtering 20x more palestinians during the past 15 years. Both sides suck but they would be even after about 5000 dead israelis.
https://www.statista.com/chart/16516/israeli-palestinian-casualties-by-in-gaza-and-the-west-bank/
No one is interested in writing a blank check to Palestinians to do whatever. They take issue with the fact that they are born as second class citizens with less rights than other people in the country. Israel isn’t exactly a paragon of gay rights, lgbt marriage is not legal there.
Peace starts with acceptance of the very existence of an "enemy." That goes for both sides.
However, when you take the totality of the conflict and its recent (last two years) context, this move by Hamas is not surprising. Israel has become increasingly more aggressive with the seizure of contested lands. They've been using their military as the strong arm of an extremist faction, and Hamas probably saw this as a now or never move.  
They must realize that they're in a losing position, but may see this as a gambit for eventual international intervention, which will at least bring Israel back to the negotiating table.
I side with Israel because I know I could go to Israel as a gay man, and wouldn't be murdered for how I was born. I can't say the same for Palestine.
I changed my mind. I thought the IDF actually harmed Palestinians and I thought their last behavior was a human rights issue. But after seeing these animalistic Palestinian Muslim Jihadists Terrorist Hamas low lives murder, rape, and torture children, young girls, the elderly, they need to be wiped out. Any Jihadist extremism needs to be eliminated. And Israel needs to enforce stricter policies or a more effective occupation. This is absolutely one of the worst crimes against humanity cases in a developed country, aside from Ukraine. 
We see this conflict in Turkey/Kurds, Russia/Ukraine, USA/Native Americans, China/Taiwan-Uighur, Burma/Rohingya, Hutus/Tutsi. This is nothing new. An apartheid, a one or two state solution that is undeniably impossibly to uphold and implement. These acts of terror and crime are predominantly done by Jihadist Muslims, with the exception of Russia/Ukraine. No side is truly innocent. All sides have reacted in context of self defense. However, this needs to stop. Enough is enough. When will there be enough rape, murder, and corruption? If you support Hamas, you are a terrorist. You are Anti-Semitic. If you support Free Palestine through the persecution and murder of Jews, you are also a terrorist. Crimes against humanity should not take a side or be affiliated politically with one group of people who feel oppressed and need solidarity. Crimes against humanity are simply, crimes against humanity. No matter if you’re Palestinian MuslIm, Israeli Jew, Ukrainian, Russian, Chinese, Taiwanese, Burmese, Rohingya, etc. This is not right. We need to stop fighting against each other and leveling ourselves supports of Israel of Palestine. But right now, I support justice. And if Israel needs to defend her land from this terror attack and reclaim their citizens who are being held hostage, I support that because that is an act of justice. Also, the fact that the President of Palestine isn’t reprimanding those horrors tells me all I need to know. He condones evil and violence. Lastly, for those of who don’t know, there is a video on combat footage showing a Palestinian Jihadist father using his infant child as a shield as he yells at him and tells him to walk towards the Israeli soldiers and raise his Palestinian flag. This is evil. It is selfish. That is not justice. I hope you consider the weight of your opinion and outlook. If we keep diving Jews vs Muslim we will always be at war and face discrimination. We need to unite and agree that there are good and innocent Jews and Muslims who do not deserve this. We need to agree as separate groups of people that before we are Muslim, Jewish, Palestinian, Israeli, we are HUMAN. And as humans, let’s come together and support justice. Let’s not support the Hamas who parade miser and rape. Support the people who have been killed and those who have been abused by the Hamas.
My friend, human rights won't even exist in that area in a world where there's no Israel ruling Palestine. Israel is the only one subjecting itself to human rights.
It's a shame you too know much time to tell us you bought into one narrative over another. Anyone who is "changing their mind" over this most recent escalatio  is an easily-swayed fool. It's lime you all conveniently forget there are hundreds of years of context
https://www.hrw.org/news/2023/08/28/west-bank-spike-israeli-killings-palestinian-children
dude rant all you want and throw in the typical "I support Israel in seeking justice" But the moment Israel bomb or hurt innocent Palestinian civilians they are no different from Hamas. Any person with a clear moral compass would see that. Genocidal dipshits always make one of two claims; if they are Pro-Hamas, they would say they are justified in killings civilians because that's an occupation. If they are pro-Israel, they will argue the same in reverse; Israel is justified in bombing civilian areas because they need to defend their citizens. Truth is simple. Any party that slaughter civilians, pave the ground, or give moral justification for killing innocent people as collateral is the terrorist. Regardless of what side they are advocating for.
It didn’t change my mind, it CONFIRMED what I already knew
Having the ability to change your mind is a good skill to have and shows your compassion and critical thinking.
To me, I always saw through the Hamas bull shit of shooting rockets off of hospitals so they can cry when israel blows up a hospital to defend themselves. Hamas is a terorrist organization and Israel, though not perfect, is a modern society that wants peace
 bull shit
/u/dataCollector42069. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
I have not. As an Iranian I've always supported the people of Israel (including IDF) over Hamas terrorists.
Also we do not like Palestinians because they like the Islamic Republic regime in Tehran typically.
One other thing is that IF Palestine becomes a real state, there will be an Islamic dictatorship, and I believe the government in Israel has more freedom for even Palestinians than a Palestinian government.
No one in the west supports Hamas, they are terrorists plain and simple. My sympathies lie with the Palestinian people who were born into this mess and are stuck in a terrible situation created by long dead men decades ago that there is no good solution for because after decades of propaganda and war neither side has any interest in compromise.
Agree totally, I also was more on the Palestinian side. But the ruthless of these attacks shows that there can be only one response. Total destruction of Hamas and all it's members and supporters.
[Americans are no better. I wouldn't be talking if I were you.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Abu_Ghraib_torture_and_prisoner_abuse)
It was never a fight for freedom, they are plain jealous of the fact that Israel is far more prosperous than them, the time they have spent causing terror could have been used to make it's country better and safe , they do not want freedom , they need women , resources and another country to pollute
It's plain fascism. They want to kidnap, rape, kill as many Jews as possible, if possible exterminate them (sounds like any other historical group?). They don't want to "free" anyone. They want war, since only through "holy Jihad" they can imagine being free. And this war will be against anyone who isn't them, especially Jews (again, glorification of violence, sounds like any other historical group?).
“They’re just jealous people kicked them out of their homes!”
Yes, I used to be a raging liberal. I thought the Palestinians were being treated the same way. Us Jews were in Germany. But boy oh boy has my opinion changed. I feel terrible for the everyday citizens of Palestine that just want to live in peace. But they're radical. Hamas is constantly instigating shit like this. Israel is incredibly strong and powerful and rich. I don't know how Hamas thinks that they can possibly win. They're just bringing destruction down on their innocent citizens and it's really sad. The whole thing is just awful
Israel is nothing with out American funding. Imagine the Native Americans getting funding from China and starting to kill Americans and retaking their land by force. Seems to be what’s happening there.
There are videos out there of Israeli soldiers shooting Palestinian civilians in the heads for fun. Civilians who were minding their own business. It has been going on for years. Maybe this is why they’re becoming radical?
 shit
/u/tingreezy. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
I can see why you thought that, palestinians always represented as the victim who just want to live peacefully. The actions took place here are inhumane.
Not only that, the media has helped play the role of victim as well. Terrorists need to be destroyed. Hopefully, now it will finally happen. 🇮🇱
Fuck hamas, I hope they're gunned down for the crimes they've committed. That said, is this level of cruelty really that unexpected? Palestinians in the Gaza strip have been living in the 3rd most densely populated area in the world under horrid conditions with very little chance to move up in the world. Who is surprised that this breeds hate and hopelessness?
https://www.hrw.org/news/2023/08/28/west-bank-spike-israeli-killings-palestinian-children
And this is humane?
The Palestinian PR squad is out in full force now trying to excuse the abhorrent and illegal actions of Hamas terrorists
As a resident of Israel, I'm glad you changed your mind.
The damage they have done to us is unbearable. My friends, my brothers, were brutally murdered, taken prisoner in Gaza, and all this for what? Because we want to live in **one** country of Jews without fear?
This fear has been around for a long time and has permeated us. We are absolutely shocked.
At least now, the world is with us. The world is on our side. And we are going to win. They declared war.
In war there are no winners, only losers. I hope that we will cause them a big enough loss and that the Hamas regime will soon collapse.
By the way, where are you from?
I don't really care what you think, and don't be offended.
We have been in a situation with missiles hovering over our heads for 20 years, the policy of containment ends with this war. **we will win.**
And no, it's not that throughout history the Palestinians have suffered more. It was us who suffered on several levels more, only we stopped ourselves from giving the full power. If we do "knock on the roof" and tell children and families to evacuate the house, and they don't evacuate and then the building collapses, to accuse Israel is stupid.
Those who do not live in Israel will not understand, so I do not expect you to understand this.
Hope for quieter days, have a good day
As a Mexican who grew up being discriminated against, I want to express my condolences with the Israeli people. I grew up with news footage of white supremacist groups harassing innocent Mexican immigrants who only wanted to provide for their families. Like the Jewish people, we were driven away from what was once ours and returned. Those that were there spat on our face, like in Israel.
Mexico provided food for the first Jewish settlements in Israel so much that the prickly pear cactus is a symbol for both our nations, and it was Jews who advocated for Mexicans' rights in the USA and pushed back against the white supremacist agenda.
We suffered 3/8/19 in which a white nationalist terrorist killed dozens of innocent Mexican people in El Paso, it was not unsimilar to what the Israeli people have suffered. I understand this awful feeling of fundamentalist trying to kill your family, friends, and neighbors.
Now, Hamas terrorists have killed hundreds of innocent Israelis and have kidnapped Mexicans too. This is a shared bond now.
May our two peoples forever be united god bless our countries. 🇲🇽 🇮🇱
The damage they have done to us is unbearable. My friends, my brothers, were brutally murdered, taken prisoner in Gaza, and all this for what? Because we want to live in one country of Jews without fear?
Don't be naive. This happened because Israel has been oppressing the Palestinian people and taking their land. Your side isn't innocent here.
https://www.hrw.org/news/2023/08/28/west-bank-spike-israeli-killings-palestinian-children
This you?
These settlers chose to live in land that was acquired through violence and colonialism right? Why would you expect the original population to just let their historic territory be taken from them?
Hamas won't go away via violence unless the region is genocided. That's simply how fundamentalist religious groups work. Look at the USA and our middle-eastern interventions. We fucked shit up multiple times, destabilizing the region and causing violent groups to fill in the power gap. We occupied the area via force for over a decade and now the fucking Taliban has a PR page on the internet.
Acting like the historical persecution of Jews going back so long before you were born matters is also kind of bullshit. This isn't a contest of whose racial/religious group has suffered the most, it's about who is suffering now. In this last attack, it's been mostly Israelis but throughout the conflict as a whole it's been mostly Palestinians.
Hamas is wrong, but so is your government. I make no excuses for the atrocities my government committed and understand that we sowed the seeds of violence multiple times, please don't make excuses for your government just because the opposing group is also fucked up. Especially don't let that criminal Netanyahu get off for the sake of "patriotism" and "time of war" nonsense because of this current development of the conflict.
 The damage they have done to us is unbearable. My friends, my brothers, were brutally murdered, taken prisoner in Gaza, and all this for what? Because we want to live in one country of Jews without fear?
It was not much more than 100 years ago that wealthy Jews began buying up chunks of what was then Palestine in order to prepare for the proclamation of a new Jewish homeland.
It was less than 100 years ago that British soldiers, civil servants  and their families were treated to terrorist attacks at the hands of Irgun and the Stern gang - **hotels** being bombed, in case you weren't aware - because Britain had got stuck with something of a peacekeeping role in Palestine to stop the Jews from slaughtering the Palestinians. 
If Jews wanted to "live in one country without fear" then there should have been a lot more of the first and none at all of the second, don't you think?
 By the way, where are you from?
OP is bot. Look at their post history
i mean there are safer places to live if all youre asking for is a place to be jewish safely
Sorry about your loss. But serious question, why live in Gaza?
[removed]
I have the same view as you pretty much. Palestinian government is another Islamic Republic.
Palestinians have a better life under Israel.
WOW the amount of radicals supporting terrorism here! Un-fucking-believable ..
There is NO JUSTIFICATION for what's happening in Isreal. It is NOT NORMAL... I'm not a republican, fuck the church, I'm a human being who recognizes genocide and terrorism when I fucking see it.
Let me be absolutely clear; if you're not 100% with Isreal here; you are a radical terrorism supporter.. if you want to bring up crimes committed by Isreal out of context like this hasnt been happening to them since they existed, go join the terrorists because you are one.
No one thinks murdering random citizens is a good or normal thing. What people have been pointing out for decades is that what complicates things in this conflict is that both sides are committing those same atrocities. Depending on where you live, the atrocities of one side simply receive more attention than the other.
I agree. Its why i am completely neutral in this conflict, since both sides have committed absolute atrocities. Is hamas worse? Probably yes. Does that make israel the “good guys”? No.
I don’t excuse the acts that Hamas committed, I’m just stunned that everyone in the media and other outlets are treating this event as if Hamas was created last week. This has been ongoing for decades. Hamas always manages to maybe kill 1-2 civilians and Israel responds with 10x that.
Israel has had a hold on Gaza and palestinians, treating arabs like second class citizens and so on and so on. People reach their breaking point and I think for the Palestinians who side with Hamas see this as a win because of the way they have been tormented by Israel, with israel harrasing them and taking over land by force. 
It’s just one of those things that when it goes untreated or unresolved it turns into this, same goes for 9/11 and Americas decades worth of bad political descisions and toppling of goverments, killing innocent people etc. This was Israels 9/11. 
Obviously I wish none of the civilians would have died but that’s wishful and naive thinking when it comes to this conflict, it’s just that this time they wanted to send a huge fuck you to Israel, probably the end of Palestine/Gaza as we know it.
Respectfully asking, doesn't it depend which side you are on as to whom you view as the terrorist?  I think both sides should coexist but neither side treats the other with any kind of humanity or respect. They retaliate for every retaliation so who are the baddies?
On both sides.
Well if that's the case maybe Israel shouldn't have been terrorizing the Palestinian people for decades. Yes you're right. It is not normal. But who created this abnormal situation? Israel. The blame lies entirely with the Israeli government and no one should be shocked or surprised by Hamas and Palestine defending their land, their people and their freedom. Free Palestine forever.
 fucking
/u/Nerf404. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
I changed my mind years ago. I lived with Palestinians my whole life, as I am a Palestinian. When people post about Israel’s deliberate, point blank atrocities, they’re showing the very worst of Israeli society. For Palestinians in Gaza and the surrounding areas, that is what the average person is like. I can never support the freedom of people who’d just use that freedom to further oppress themselves.
Why doesn't the US carve out a small piece of land and give it to Jewish people (instead of Israel)? Wouldn't that benefit both sides?
I don't support Hamas. Hamas =/= the whole of the palestinian people, nor does the existence of Hamas negate the grievances of the Palestinian people.
The Israeli government has done harm to the Palestinian people.
Hamas has done harm to both the Palestinians and the Israelis.
One does not justify the other.
You mean Hamas
Thanks for your support, I truly feel that if people actually research the conflict they will always be pro Israel, I think the fact that r /Palestine still hasn't condemned Hamas but calls it fully justified is proof enough that they aren't good people
I'm researching the heck out of the conflict and israel isn't looking too good in my eyes. Hamas, however, are the devil's work.
I truly feel that if people actually research the conflict they will always be pro Israel,
No, occupation, land grabs and apartheid aren't a good look.
We can't condone the deaths of civilians on either side but if we are to look at the big picture, number of deaths, displacement, territory stolen, homes demolished etc over the last 100 years we all know which side has caused the most suffering upon the other.
Just 100 years ago there was but a tiny fraction of the jews which are in palestine now and palestinians still had a country. I hate that there's so many civilians suffering here but are you at all surprised there's retaliation?
No, I always knew Hamas = Iran/isis/name any barbaric Shia Islamic organisation/country.
Time for them to vanish. Good riddence
Agree, for me was the same
Not really I've always hated terrorists. Hamas has really made a dumb choice, they are going to upset a lot of white people and we will only tolerate so much. If they want to find out who's sky daddy has stronger supporters they will lose.
Hamas needs to go. That's what i think.
Not every Israeli supports the occupation, and not every Palestinian supports Hamas, even though the media in the West will be spinning it that way.
A majority of Palestinians voted for Hamas to be their government.
Just saw an Arab girl on my story immediately stat posting antisemitic stories when the news broke out. Regardless of the notion your implying it’s clearly not grounded in reality
Reactions like yours are the reason why Hamas’s attacks may have tactically succeeded but in the long run they are a catastrophic strategic blunder.
I am relieved you have come to your senses. I must add that Nice People like you with your sensibilities and misinterpretations have helped give the Palestinians the appearance of morality that encouraged them to commit the acts (and make the stuff films) that you now deplore. It’s good you’re with us, but the poor,poor Palestinians theme is getting a lot of Israeli civilians killed. 
I have always had doubts about policies, not people. These people are mine.
When they finally got to do what they wanted everyone saw their true colors
Check this out, Palestinians parade a naked Israeli woman on the back of their car:
https://www.timesnownews.com/world/israeli-woman-soldier-naked-on-a-car-assaulted-by-hamas-militants-video-surfaces-article-104235709/amp
I am 100% with Israel after this yeah. Because we see the same people all very Europe waving their shitty flag and dancing in the streets to celebrate the terrorist attacks. Look at London especially. How are these terrorists not deported?
 shitty
/u/Callsign_Barley. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Its crazy how there's a pattern who celebrates harm and death the most, who are the most joyful when other people suffer
I am starting to think these are the most cowardly people ever, especially the men. They came to Europe to flee the occupation..? Or the Hamas (I'm not sure on what grounds they are allowed to come and stay)? And then here, in safety, they dance around with their flags in the streets, celebrating that innocent people are killed - well if they think THIS VIOLENCE is what Palestine needs, then why are they not over there risking their own lives..? Pathetic, if you think about it.
Yes, definitely.
I was Pro-Palestinian, still kinda am because I think Israel should drive its settlers out of west bank and give more autonomy to West Bank and Gaza and make 2 state-solution. But after watching today's videos, i can't possibly deny that Hamas are fucking terrorists. They're taking young jewish girls as hostages, who have nothing to do with the politics. They're slaughtering any Israeli who comes their way, they are entering people's homes and killing them in their houses. They aren't sparing anyone-not the women or the children. They are parading dead bodies of Israelis. This is FUCKING DISGUSTING AND VILE. This is not resistance, this is terrorism..
But you know, what I found even more disgusting and horrifying than these graphic videos? I'm seeing stories of Arabs online, and they're PRAISING HAMAS, they're posting videos of houses and streets burning with Quranic verses playing in the background, they're praising their "BROTHERS" for their bravery. This is making a pit in my stomach.
If israel wipes Gaza in the next few days, i wouldn't be surprised. And what's worse is that I know in the coming few days, so many of innocent Gazans will be killed because of this stupid Hamas
 fucking
/u/Mountain_Judgment_90. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
But after watching today's videos, i can't possibly deny that Hamas are fucking terrorists.
[Americans are terrorists too then](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Abu_Ghraib_torture_and_prisoner_abuse).
This is Israel's 9/11 moment. 600+ Israelis dead. Parading bodies through the streets as people cheer on. These people are uncivilized savages.
If anything it shows that all Israel's security policies have been justified, because they are extremely dangerous.
Israel should have every right to occupy the entirety of the region, and enact a total police state. This would be to the benefit of the peaceful Palestinians too. It is clear that they cannot look after themselves, and they cannot manage to run anything, and just devolve into terrorism.
**Israel is a huge benefit to the global community.**
They are a prosperous nation, delivering technology and innovation to the benefit of the world. 
**The Palestinians offer nothing to the global community at all except endless pain, misery and destabilization.**
Just like the term "Prussian" has disappeared from usage, so should the term "Palestinian". We can still use the term Palestinian for militarism, aggressiveness and conservatism, but the people who call themselves Palestinians and want peace should dissociate from this identity that is based on nothing more than failure, terrorism and vengance.
Case closed as far as I am concerned.
This is Israel's 9/11 moment.
You mean there is also a rather high likelihood of it being an inside job, that gives licence to go after the wrong people like the US did?
👏🏾 I agree !
I am Palestinian and have lived in the West Bank. Western leftists thinking they are supporting the noble underrdog by cheerleading Hamas don't understand that these people are not like them. They are islamofascists no different than ISIS simply giving the IDF a perfect excuse to level Gaza and have the world turn a blind eye.
Do you think that was Hamas’ intention with this attack? Like, they obviously knew what was gonna coke for Gaza, right?
You were taken in by propaganda.     
The world has a short memory. 
Many of us who are old enough, remember why Israel defends itself and has modified borders. Palestinian agression is fueled by Hamas' hatred of Jewish people period. It has nothing to do with defending their own sovereignty.
Not to mention the fact that hamas was partly funded by Israeli tax payer money in the 80s to combat the rise of leftists and secularism in palastine.
https://blogs.timesofisrael.com/hamas-israels-own-creation/
According to The Interceptor, ” Brig. Gen. Yitzhak Segev, who was the Israeli military governor in Gaza in the early 1980s. Segev later told a New York Times reporter that he had helped finance the Palestinian Islamist movement as a “counterweight” to the secularists and leftists of the Palestine Liberation Organization and the Fatah party, led by Yasser Arafat (who himself referred to Hamas as “a creature of Israel.”).”
General Segev himself even admits to funding Hamas himself with Israeli taxpayers money that was later used to kill the same people who were funding them.
“Modified borders” lol
https://www.hrw.org/news/2023/08/28/west-bank-spike-israeli-killings-palestinian-children
Is this fake propaganda?
 No my position has not changed because It's not Israel versus Palestine. It's Israel vs Hamas. I am anti terrorism but I am also anti-apartheid. My stance has been and always will be a solution in which Israel and Palestine can live side by side peacefully.
What Hamas is doing to innocent people is wrong but to use this as a justification that all Palestinians are bad and deserve the wrath of Israel is equally wrong. It's one thing to support Israel's right to defend themselves but it should not come at the expense of the lives of innocent Palestinian people either.
The outrage people are feeling for the innocent Israelis being raped and murdered is correct but equally so all the people going on about the lack of empathy,humanity etc the jihadis are showing should have the same energy for the innocent Palestinians who suffer daily too, including women and children ( who aren't going around raping and murdering and simply trying to survive). Do you think IDF has not raped, murdered and tortured Palestinians and this is a one sided war?
Israel defending itself is one thing but they fire indiscriminately on Palestine everytime there has been an attack by Hamas. Why is one sides suffering more important than the others? 
I feel for the Israeli and Palestinian people who are both suffering.
You sum up my feeling on this very well.
But Hamas are just following their religion. Don’t they have the right to follow Islam? Hear me out:
Their prophet asked his companions to capture women of invaded non Muslims, rape them and the take them as slaves. **When some companions objected he said that doing so would please Allah and so his companions raped those women.** Now following in the Prophet’s footsteps is considered Sunnah and a great virtue. **So Hamas guys are just doing it to please Allah.**
Never expect Muslim fighters to not rape women during war because while other cultures have a few bad apples, their religion actively encourages it.
Not really. I've always supported Israel's plight for their tiny nation. The maps that were drawn up were dogshit in the first place. Palestine while I do sympathize with their nation building desire they lack the diplomatic tact required to actually bring it about. Militarily they suck. If you lose more than one conflict for your independence you have to stay on the peaceful path if you want to build your own country. Especially if your only military "strategy" is to indescribably bomb civilian infrastructure. Just look at the Ukrainian struggle the missiles they use are used exclusively to target military targets. Tit for tat. But Russia responds by shooting at apartment blocks. That is not tit for tat.
Well reasoned comment
I thought Israel and Hamas were headed towards normalization. I still believe in coexistence between Israel and Palestine, but for that to happen Hamas must first be completely eliminated.
Exactly.
Israel and Saudi Arabia were moving towards normalized relations. Israel and Palestine were working towards normalized relations.
This is exactly why Hamas launched this attack. All the people you see on Reddit trying to justify the invasion with complete bs both sides excuses are completely clueless to the situation on the ground. Hamas will never let there be peace because their entire reason for existence is to destroy Israel. Hamas doesn’t give a shit about peace or finding a solution. All they want is to keep the region destabilized because if things got better people would realize that Hamas has always been and will always be the problem.
Why did you think that.
Hamas is an extension of Palestine, you'll never eradicate it but you can send the entire population to iran
It never was, the amount of deaths in total (mostly from palestina) reached an all time high in 2018. And Israel should have seen this coming since their big officers had warned them abour this. I don't take a side, war is wrong and terrorism even worse.
I think this whole thing can be simplified - look what Israel has accomplished.  Their health care, education, military, etc...  Even though they have huge financial support - they have done great things.
The rest of the surrounding middle eastern countries?  They have financial support too ya know - and yet - death, tribalism and holy war!  Israel has killed tonnes of innocent civilians, which is tragic - but it's Hamas purposefully launching rockets near buildings surrounded by innocents.  
I am pro Israel because i am pro-humanity, and i see Israel leaning further on the spectrum of well being for humanity overall.
So the Palestinians killed and forced out of their homes aren’t human to you?
That’s justified and good to you?
Hamas handed Israel a blank check, Israel is going to steamroll Gaza and no one will stop them now.
Palestine is a terrorist country. Only possible opinion to have now. No more sympathy for Palestine.
Just like Ireland with the IRA? I'm Irish and didn't support the IRA. I support a free Palestine but you know, paint everyone with the same brush. People in Palestine didn't all do it, most were just getting on with life!
Both sides have been resolving to terror. What we are seeing now, and in the past, from Hamas is without a doubt terrorism and it's despicable. 
Make no mistake that,  while I support Israel, they too have killed over 2500 Palestinian children in the last 3 years. 
Israel has a large and sophisticated military and and justifies their killing and land grab as part of their fight against terrorism, but make no mistake they have been killing Palestinians and taking their homes and lands since 1948. 
Palestinians, on the other hand, don't have the firepower to go against the Israeli military. Hence, they resolve to rerrorism. 
Neither side is innocent. they're killing civilians, and that has to stop. 
If you look at the Israelis, they're all white. Northern European White. Most of them, at least. 
All relocated from Europe after WWII. Europe didn't want the Jews so instead of "expelling" them, they created the state of Israel in Palestine under the pretext that this was their promised land. 
Simply, you have Jews relocating to Israel from all over the world as long as they're Jewish, they can be Israeli citizens. In 1922 there were less than 100,000 Jewish people living in Palestine.
Jews left the area 2500 years ago. 
While they do have a claim in the area, you can not ethnic cleans those who live in the area you're taking over.  
Palestinians, on the other hand, are natives of that land never moved away. 
This land grab has been going on for over 80 years. 
Give Palestine its statehood, and all these senseless wars will stop.
Both sides must coexist there's no power way. 
European powers and USA support Israel because they don't want the Jews in their countries. If they stop supporting Israel, Iran along with some Arab nations will push the Israelis out very quickly. In turn 6million Jews will be back in Europe and USA. And they simply don't want ray.  
Here we have two sides that are systematically persecuted and the only solution is to coexist! 
European powers are first to blame for this mess.
Without looking it up I would say all or most of Jewish Israel is not white European, maybe 50/50 euro to MENA descendant , to the extent that when you picture a “typical Israeli” most people don’t visualize a fair skinned person.. not to mention all the Arab Israelis - around 20% of the population. idk weird quantifying factor . (Quick google search turned up this : Those of European and American ancestry make up about 2.2 million (36%) of the Jewish population in Israel, while Africans fill out another 14.5% and Asians are 11.2%. )And there may have been fewer than 100k Jews in 1922 but there have been Jews that lived there consistently in the 1600-1800’s albeit as a minority group . In 1948, 35% of the Jewish population was native born.
Have you ever been to Israel? There is a very large population of people who came from Arab countries. Jewish people is not just what you see at Whole Foods
2500 children in the last three years? Wow, that's incredible, since the actual statistics show the real number is 1400 Palestinian children over the last 15 years, more of whom were killed by malfunctioning Palestinian munitions than by Israel. But who cares about facts?
Absolutely not. I do not support the Israeli occupation nor do I support Hamas. The only lives lost and tortured are mostly innocent civilians’.
Yeah, I definitely don’t support Palestine anymore
They are just following their religion. Don’t they have the right to follow Islam? Hear me out:
Their prophet asked his companions to capture women of invaded non Muslims, rape them and the take them as slaves. **When some companions objected he said that doing so would please Allah and so his companions raped those women.** Now following in the Prophet’s footsteps is considered Sunnah and a great virtue. **So Hamas guys are just doing it to please Allah.**
Never expect Muslim fighters to not rape women during war because while other cultures have a few bad apples, their religion actively encourages it.
Go to Wiki and search for List of Palestinian Terrorist Attacks.  In Israel you’ll see the attacks got more more seldom the higher Israel built walls. And that’s why they were originally built. Research what they did at the Munich Olympics its horrifying. You cannot ever turn your backs on them. Giving Gaza back to them was a grave mistake. You can blame Clinton for that
Very well said!!
Jesus fuck at some of the comments in here basically saying those Israelis deserved it. Some even calling outright for the death of all Jews in Israel. The fuck...
Also strange how to those people it's always "Israel made their bed" and ignoring how Israel has been under pretty much constant threat of its neighbors and Palestinians.
Oh, and the people calling them all "colonizers". Are the people driven out of Algeria, Tunisia and more these "colonizers" you speak of? People fleeing themselves for safety. Are the ones leaving Europe to settle in Israel after having had enough of the Muslims who came there made their lives a living hell? I guess then Muslims are right now "colonizing" Europe if that's the mental gymnastics these people make.
As for the thread. I didn't change my made. I didn't fall for the Palestinian PR in the first place. When choosing between a democratic state and a terrorist one, my sympathies are with the democratic state.
 fuck
/u/Plutuserix. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
I didn't. I supported Israel's plea from the more earlier days.
Sadly, it's always been like this, and people simply deny or justify it. If Hamas had the power of Israel, Israel would not exist. Israel has the power to do what Hamas is doing, and it doesn't. That's always been a huge difference that some people are blind to. I'm sure there will be cruelty towards Palestinians as a result of this war, but in general Israel has always done things like warn Gaza before a strike, ask civilians to take shelter, etc. Hamas goes out of its way to use citizens as human shields, and instigate attacks for their own propaganda.
I'm Israeli American. I was always in support of their statehood and hoped what I heard from them and the videos I'd seen were lies or exaggerations. It wasn't. I was naive and hopeful. These are parasites. A virus of brainwashed souls. I wish they weren't but they are. I've seen evil and know it's sound and gaze. I'll never be able to unlive this nightmare.
The world was tricked and our empathy was used as a weapon to kill my friends and have cheerleaders for the murderers.
are you talking about israelis or palestinians?
Indian American here. Always supported Israel but felt sad for Palestinians before. Now, there’s no doubt in my mind. When Jews were persecuted as they were during Second World War, they didn’t keep citing it to commit cruel revenge- they left to build their own lives in a country. If Palestinians feel so persecuted, why not go live in Iran or wherever else you feel you can build a good life?
Iran is totally different from other Muslim countries the only thing they share is the gate for Israel
Imagine someone telling Pakistanis to go to India because they're similar
I'm largely of the same opinion. Israel isn't clean in this conflict and they've done many things to justify the anger of the Palestinians, but not at this level of barbarism. As much as I want to advocate peace and restraint, I just don't see how us moderates can realistically ask for restraint from Israel after this. Palestine is about to suffer some vicious reprisals and nobody in the world is going to step in because they've brought this one on themselves.
At this rate, I think it will be for the best just to fully occupy Palestine and push them out. Messy in the short term but resolves the issue because peaceful cooperation is never going to work it seems.
Nope. Not going to get into what's justified or not, but this shouldn't be unexpected. People can only be pushed so far before they push back however they can, and I have yet to see any civil war or other similar conflict between people rather than armies that didn't look pretty much exactly like this. Is it unfortunate that civilians are dying? Absolutely, but that was always true, and the crimes being perpetrated now are no different than the ones that came before, just reversed and packed into a shorter time. Whether you believe it's morally right or wrong, what has been done to the Palestinians for years and decades is a far greater suffering than anything Hamas could ever inflict back in days or weeks, and I think it's important for people to understand that. This did not happen in a vacuum, this did not happen unprovoked, and despite how cruel and/or vicious it is, it's not a *disproportionate* response in its scale (like what tends to happen in the other direction, and likely will in this case too). I just hope this incident galvanises enough of the right people to bring them to the table and actually deliver positive, meaningful resolution to a conflict that has stagnated and become more hopeless than ever, but I'm not holding my breath. Far more likely is a continuation of the cycle of violence, oppression, and retribution that has persisted since the beginning.
I support freeing Palestine of Hamas
Violence either way must be condemned, but there is a reason for its existence, for as long as I can remember the population of Gaza has been pushed and squeezed into an ever decreasing piece of land while Israel builds settlements on annexed land under the blind eyes of the international community.
I'll say it again, I totally condemn the Hamas violence but the reason for Hamas existence is not surprising considering the way the Israeli Government have treated them for years. As the saying goes ,if you keep knocking on the devil's door some day he will answer.
Will this recent attack improve the prospects of Palestinians?
250 shot dead at a rave, everyone supporting Hamas  is delusional.
I changed my mind too, from supporting Israel to supporting Palestine. Israel are not the victims but the abusers. Hamas is only taking a little revenge on what Israel has done to them.
a lItTlE rEvEnGe
A little revenge haha, well they about to be wiped out in the name of justice
Hamas is only taking a little revenge
Yeah I mean it was just a bit of innocent raping and slitting innocent kids throats.... if you can't even do that, then what's the point?? 
What a horrible take you have.
Sounds like it's written by the Zionist social media team.
No mention of the occupation nor of the apartheid regime nor of the total control that Israel exerts over West bank or Gaz strip.
Which sounds lovely compared to mass murder and rape that the Palestinians did.
100% agreed i used to think Israel was an oppressive Apartheid state now after the conflict I actually think its a colonialist, oppressive, Apartheid state! 110%
Tally up the death tolls from 1947 to now, death of children especially. Palestinians have lost more civilians by orders of magnitude. Yesterday was terrorism 100%. Its just what Palestinians have experienced at the hands of Israelis for decades so while you can’t excuse it you should absolutely expect it and not be surprised
neither side can be justified but it is seriously worrying to see people change their opinion this way, you thought palestinian people would play fair after undergoing what they have been through? only thing you need to get right is that most israelis have gone through mandatory military service even women so the civil casualties may not be equivalent. on the other side some palestinians are brutal and barbaric but war have always been like this.
i am not telling you to side with hamas or israel but dont be a hypocrit and dont let the media shape your opinion have your own
And the information you used to build your opinion came from where?
I have no sympathy for murderers
No.  I still believe in a 2-state solution. What’s happening now is unacceptable but I don’t want to conflate every Palestinian with what Hamas is doing right now.
The people voted for Hamas to be their government while knowing that the goal of Hamas is the absolute destruction of Israel.
Hamas is a terrorist organization that needs to be eradicated if Palestine ever wants to be sovereign.
I'm generally pro Israel but had some sympathy for Palestinians especially those who weren't allowed to return in Jerusalem but to be completely honest gaza is going to be glassed
No, I've always supported freedom for Palestine but I've never supported Hamas. They are a reactionary Islamist group. You shouldn't ditch your support just because of Hamas.
Same here, death to Hamas
Hope they will die painfully
Hopefully Palestine is made into rubble
I will remain the supporter of 3 state solution. 
I believe that Palestinians deserve to live in dignity and security. 
However, I'm afraid it won't happen in my lifetime, without some spontaneous cultural shift within Palestinian society.
There’s not going to be a Gaza soon for it to be the 3rd state. It will probably be occupied fully within the next few months
Not sure if this is a typo but 3 state solution? 
Not come across that before?
It’s not going to happen because Israelis want it all. And will stop at nothing to take it
Hamas are just following their religion. Don’t they have the right to follow Islam? Hear me out:
Their prophet asked his companions to capture women of invaded non Muslims, rape them and the take them as slaves. **When some companions objected he said that doing so would please Allah and so his companions raped those women.** Now following in the Prophet’s footsteps is considered Sunnah and a great virtue. **So Hamas guys are just doing it to please Allah.**
Never expect Muslim fighters to not rape women during war because while other cultures have a few bad apples, their religion actively encourages it.
Totally, I would love the Gaza strip to vanish and become a peaceful Israel area.
I was talking about this with my wife earlier today. She is more pro Palestinian than I am - she’s an American Jew but had cooled a lot on Israel due to their settlement policies as well as a lot of ecological harm Israel carries out.
My thoughts (preface I’m still working through this so I might mis-type) - I feel as though when I look at Israeli injustice, it’s doesn’t land the same way because of intentionality.
Israel did not build the separation barriers and blockade for no reason, they did so in reaction to fatah and hamas violence respectively. Therefore when I see Palestinians being harmed I know intellectually it is wrong and disproportionate, but my subconscious goes “well, it’s happening due to Israel’s overreaction, not because Israel wants to harm the Palestinians in question”
When I see hamas fighters gang raping, kidnapping, mass executioning etc, the intention IS to harm civilians. Therefore there is a more visceral response. Even though Palestinians have objectively had it worse.
I’ve been thinking about this since it stated yesterday, my thoughts aren’t settled, so feedback is welcome.
Israeli here 
And I don't think Hamas realizes how badly they've fucked their own citizens with this infiltration. 
Although I suppose they don't care about the civilians who voted them in and will continue using them as human shields while the death toll rises. 
Innocent lives lost on both sides 
They should have made this a military battle and not a civilian one. 
They need to be prepared to be annointed in their own blood by tomorrow because that's what Is going to happen 
Loss of children and innocent women on either side is a loss 
Maybe God save the innocent
To me, that is ultimately how I feel: Israel does these things to protect protect its citizens, while Hamas does these things to hurt Israel.
Thank you for sharing 🙏🏻
From a pure historical views, Palestine never existed, they have always been a patchwork of poor tribes, different ethnies, ruled by outside empires and they never rebelled...they never though back... Unless this power was Jewish. 
This tells a lot.
Israel is the only democracy in the middle east, the only cosmopolitan country and the only one thriving despite having no oil. 
This tells a lot.
Thanks for sharing 🙏🏻
Iran doesn't care if the Sunnis in Gaza get flattened down.
Good. Neither do I.
Also when is something going to happen to Iran,Boat seizures,Murders,Kidnapping and so on but nothing ever happens to them...
This conflict Is starting to hit close to home for me (Northern Ireland native) for 30 years straight we had soldiers in our streets, explosions going off In the distance and the constant fear of getting told someone in your family has died because of fucking terrorists, same goes for Hamas are literally the Palestinian version of the ira bastards the whole lot
Unfair to single out (P)IRA, when the loyalist paramilitaries were on par with their brutality (not a competition obviously). But I agree, the constant fear of living in a war zone is unimaginable to most (including me) and the ante gets upped so much that it just becomes blind hatred. I don't think there's any right or wrong in any of this, only misery for all.
 fucking
/u/hello_there166. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
All this tells me is you never paid attention during all your support for Palestine before because it's always been like this. Killing civilians brutally and celebrating in the streets after, with candy and music. What do you think happened during the intifadas, why do you think we had to erect security walls and checkpoints? 
Good on you for finally noticing I guess.
I appreciate the comment. It's good to read accounts from real human beings who understand that there is no justification for taking pleasure in the murder and torture of innocents. 
That being said, I find it so hard to understand why yesterday changed your perspective; I guess it can be chalked up to echo chambers? All sides have been open with their intentions for a long time. Videos of atrocities have existed for a long time - they share them openly, proudly. There is a difference between accidental collateral damage from organized military operations (attempting to prevent days like today) and a personal and methodical murder spree. 
I knew from an early age that wandering into the wrong neighboring city would have meant my death, my torture, and would likely end with my lifeless body being dragged through the streets by a cheering mob. My teenage hangouts, my city buses, were bombed by deranged people who strapped bombs to their chests. People in my life were murdered - driving on the highway, eating pizza, or just sleeping in their homes. This has happened many times before, just not on this scale. No matter what led to this cultural reality in places like Gaza, there are organized groups of monsters inside who laugh and cheer at human atrocities and raise their children to do the same. Supporting their cause in theory makes you an empathetic person; supporting it in practice makes you a monster.
If Gaza is so bad, why did Israel force so many Palestinians to relocate there? Why should Gazans have to accept that?
I do think Israel is a far more civilized place than Palestine, and I am probably biased more towards the Israelis cause than the Palestinians, just because I am more sympathetic towards the culture and achievements of the Israelis.
But just to be clear. Are civilian Palestinians who are cheering for the recent attacks any worse or more “monstrous” than Israeli civilians, who are now saying that they want their military to “flatten” Gaza, including the Palestinian civilians?
All this rhetoric is really abhorrent from a moral perspective, yet it is also understandable when you know human nature. Put humans in extreme enough circumstances and most moral pretenses and standards vanish quickly, and it boils down to us and them.
I do not see any difference between Israeli and Palestinian civilians in this.
No,Ive always thought that the Israeli's have been provoked..
Yes. I have. I'll post my thoughts soon...
This changes everything.
Exactly. No further sympathy for the Palestinian cause.
This is what modern war looks like, so when you see Israel’s brutal retaliation will you change your mind again?
They never supported Palestine
Which “modern” army strips women naked, parade them around and take hundreds of sex slaves in modern war? These are just medieval Muslims following their religion.  
Their prophet asked his companions to capture women of invaded non Muslims, rape them and the take them as slaves. **When some companions objected he said that doing so would please Allah and so his companions raped those women.** Now following in the Prophet’s footsteps is considered Sunnah and a great virtue. **So Hamas guys are just doing it to please Allah.**
Never expect Muslim fighters to not rape women during war because while other cultures have a few bad apples, their religion actively encourages it.
This is my country. I’m scared out of my wits for my family and my people. I’ve seen those videos and I’m shocked and horrified like everyone else. And yet I know that if these people are never free they will never stop and neither side will be able to grow out of it like we did with the Germans. Both things can be true: The occupation needs to end and we need to finish off Hamas like Bibi promised nearly twenty years ago
Yes. The occupation does nothing but breed resentment and empower the religious in Israel. 
There’s obviously short-term concerns here that come first. But long term, this highlights the need for a permanent solution. Yesterday it became clear that the conflict can never be contained or limited. This has to end with peace or there will be horrific suffering for everyone in the region forever.
Thank you for the clear mindedness. I am as horrified as a foreigner can be by this disgusting terrorist massacre. Also, having lived through 9/11, and remembering with hindsight the horrific mistakes my country made in our grief and fear, I am terrified of what’s to come. I cannot claim to know what the next steps should be, nor is it up to me to play armchair general and tell you and your country how you should defend yourselves. I can only hope that all those who have, would, or support killing innocent people are brought to swift justice. I hope that innocent casualties are kept at a minimum, and that whatever peace can be recovered from this is long lasting.
Just wondering, OP, but are you aware that for years now, Israel almost always warns Gaza civilians hours or minutes before attacking a Hamas target? Have you heard of Hamas doing that?
I have never cared for neither side as I view them both equally bad. However, this attack has had tipped the scale towards support of Israel, which I never thought possible. Well done Hamas!  I'm sure you lost a ton of people who may have been borderline in your side.
they cannot be "equally bad" as this isn't a conflict where both parties have equal footing. educating yourself on the difference in death/injury tolls between each country, comparing how many israelis have been evicted by Palestinian's, and learning about the devastating amount of children and civilians who have been murdered by israel is important. israel has committed crimes against humanity and violated international law. if you truly believe both sides are "equally bad" i implore you to do some research
Palestine is not even real.
I don’t know how anyone can support Hamas? They’re terrorists, plain and simple
No it isn't plain and simple it's a long complicated war simplifying it to good and bad is idiotic
You can be both disgusted by the acts of Israeli police and by the acts of hamas and their election by the Palestinians.
I dont know what hamas were thinking. This is the excuse Israel has wanted, and there's pretty much no way to denounce it. I do hope peace prevails, but I see no way this can be obtained after this.
It's not as black and white as one side vs the other, several things can be true at once like 
Hamas are terrorists that target civilians. While I think people are justified to attempt to gain independence and defend themselves, targeting civilians is not that  
Israel has oppressed the Palestinians for decades 
When that happens it's not surprising people are going to resist and that some will become extremists 
The people that suffer the most from this will be Palestinians most of whom I'm sure didn't want Hamas to start an un winnable war and kill civilians
Israel has been oppressed for millenia by 5+ muslim countries on every side since biblical times. Israel has always just been defending itself against terrorism and hate. 
1 jewish/christian country surrounded by 5+ muslim countries.whp have vowed to push them into the sea and destroy them. 
Yeah israel aint the opressors. Their the defnederd and always have been. The entire jewish population has been enslaved twice once by egyptians and once by germany. 
Literally noone feels bad for palestine or any other country whos been fucking with israel since the beginning of time
Not really, I've condemned before the actions of both the State of Israel (but not it's people), and the terrorist organization of Hamas (but not the palestinian people). Both have been key actors (along with external ones, like Iran, the puppet masters of Hamas; or the U.S. or so many other entities) in perpetuating this cycle of hatred, where each side's atrocity tries to justify itself by the atrocity that did the other side x time ago, where we end in a chicken or egg's situation.
The difference between them is that while the State of Israel cares for it's people, Hamas does not; and this conflict has confirmed me that. Hamas has committed an absolutely insane decision in making this attack, they're committing horrifying crimes against the israeli people, while at the same time dooming the palestinians in Gaza and possibly in the whole world. And that's cause they've never cared about the palestinians more than they care about their fundamentalist islamic "values."
I find a lot of the comments here quite disgusting, but I understand why are these things being said. It is this kind of hatred that fuels the treatment of palestines as second citizens, it is this kind of hatred that makes palestine in Gaza electing Hamas, dooming themselves in the process as they'll never be able to free peacifully from the claws of islamic fundamentalism, the same way the german people doomed themselves when they choose the Nazis due to underlying hatred and specially, despair.
/u/ministevo. 'Nazis' Casual comments and analogies are inflammatory and therefor not allowed.  
We allow for exemptions for comments with meaningful information that must be based on historical facts accepted by mainstream historians. See [Rule 6](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_6._nazi_comparisons) for details.  
This bot flags comments using simple word detection, and cannot distinguish between acceptable and unacceptable usage. Please take a moment to review your comment to confirm that it is in compliance.
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
The main problem is the zionist theocratic autocracy for Israel has far more mainstream support than Hamas does. It'd be like saying you condemn Trump and the Westboro Baptist "church." Like they're just not at all equal and that's the issue with the "both sides" argument. I used to be pro Israel until I studied their history and government in University.
Honestly I think the only appropriate emotion is sadness over the loss of life and those who are about to lose theirs. Hamas just got a whole bunch of people killed for its own twisted reasons. I hope Palestine turns on them completely.
What Hamas got is more fuel and ammunition to recruit another generation.
No, both sides have done horrible things to the point that the people fighting only remember the other side doing evil things so they feel justified in their celebrations because the other side did it first.
Anyone who just changed their mind now clearly hasn’t been paying attention. 
Israel has offered peace 7 times. Hamas has killing all Jews in their mission statement. If you think “both sides” you are and we’re an idiot.
Maybe they should go back to where they came from
Their peace offers were similar to that of what Russia has offered Ukraine.
he is not an idiot, he just doesn't know pure unadulterated hate like you guys have for eachother.
how far gone do you have to be to call someone an idiot that says he has a new insight towards your stance!! how intricate poisoned from the inside do you have to be, to even deny people that concur???
most people don't get to that level of hate, not even our western hate-based groups....dang!
whole new level with you guys hehehe
&#x200B;
i still believe that if the compos mentis minds and people not tainted by hate that live in israel would conversate towards peace, it would be easily attainable and sustainable.
due to pragmatic and more lenient position in talks.
instead of emotion based diplomacy.
the problem is that it is not existing in this realm of current reality.
and that the group not lost in instinctive emotional politics is microscopic, thus you guys will always evolve in violence towards each other.
2 tribes lost in a nihilistic and pyric fight.
i was like op, but threw the towel 15 years ago.
not that i am more biased towards another, i just dont swallow this kind of evil and abhorrent behavior in my society!
hamas got to go, all means neccesary! 
so the world don't have to carry responsibilty for this kind of subhuman behavior.
sectarian bs that still is the underlying reason for this conflict.
2500 year old trauma of dad kicking son and his mom out of the house while the half brother could stay.
Both sides suck. But the last year od Israel actions can not be ignored either.
I was always on Israel's side. After this, I'm all for Israel ending Hamas once and for all. The IDF can end them. Invade Gaza and root them out.
I have lost all support for anyone involved. They can all kill each other and i wouldnt care at this point.
I've absolutely changed my mind. I have typically been pro Israeli but felt bad for the Palestinians. Not so much any more.
The comment section is severely under-educated
Where would you recommend I go to for objective material so I can educate myself?
What did you expect?
I’m with Israel, my partner and I have been talking about the climate in the Middle East for the last several weeks. Watching what we could find about the 67 day war and when this happened, I guess in my mind I knew which side I was on.
After watching video after video of Palestinians celebrating in the streets, sometimes with dead Israeli women being flaunted, I'm not sure how anyone could have much sympathy for them at this point.
I went to r/palestine expecting them to say although they support Palestine, killing innocent people is bad and parading bodies is horrific, but instead I read things about how they are shocked that people are upset by this because it's their land and "what about what Isreal did." 
I wasn't a big fan of either side  to begin with, but am pretty disturbed by everything happening now (the vile videos and the comments online supporting this)  It shouldn't be that hard to be a decent person and realize how wrong this is.
No. Opinion hasn’t changed. Illegal settlements and conditions forced on Palestinians is wrong. Terrorism is also wrong and Israel has the right to defend itself.
Fighting for our homeland isn't terrorism.
It is were an AITA = EAH everyone's an arsehole here.
I do feel for Palestine (not Hamas), and Israeli government has gone from right leaning to hard right recently which probably has not helped.
The USA supports Israil no matter what, as to the USA Israel is a military outpost in the middle east that is relatively stable. This does not help imo.
I don't know enough, including the the last 75yr perhaps centuries, to make a truely informed comment. But in a longer term view have sympathy for Palestine, but no sympathy for Hamas's recent action.
 arsehole
/u/otherwise10. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
awkward theme. Israeli owned lands due to treatments and some tricks, Arabs as an "original owner" looks like loose lands due to lacks of political decisions. But they live and fight like a terrorists. Question about Jerusalem is more complex. Don\`t know whos got the truth, but Israeli looks more civilized and comprehensive.
Are all Palestinians also Hamas? Is that why you no longer support Palestine?
People aren't good enough for religion, it has done nothing but promote violence and greed from the start.
How about they both suck and war sucks.
Gaza remains an occupied area and effectively an open air prison. Palestine keep losing territory to Israeli settlements. 
What happened yesterday was terrorism, but the conditions in Gaza creates a fertile garden bed for terroristic sympathies. 
Also, Palestinian civilians are killed on a weekly basis, yet the outrage for the events yesterday is so many order of magnitudes greater in the media than the death of Palestinian children.
People need to get the vids of Palestinian civilians stomping on and spitting on dead bodies and spam them everywhere, try to make a little difference in the PR war.
I replied to you and deleted because I misinterpreted this comment, incase u saw it. Apologies. And agree. .
There are a lot of vids where Israelis harass Palestines even kids and this is not okay, also many videos of Palestines harrassing Israelis apparently they dont come along. But killing civillans even kids , raping and hostages are the worst. Hamas needs to be eliminated
There is only one side here screaming praise god while cutting off civilian heads.
https://www.hrw.org/news/2023/08/28/west-bank-spike-israeli-killings-palestinian-children
Include this shit too
While I think there is an argument for Palestine existing as its own nation I can only be pro-Israel due to them being the country with the most respect for human rights put of the two. I can't Palestine, a country where my friends and family would be persecuted for their mere existence. I acknowledge Israel isn't the most free country but I wouldn't want people to have to suffer Palestinian rule
Palestine Hates Israel. Israel just wants to be left alone. It's as simple as that.
Lol
LoL. What is the name of your funny little dreamworld?
you missed a really minor detail where isreal is  occupying palestin and they have no right to do that but sure go ahead
You're delusional. How do you account for years of murder and oppression from the Israeli state? 
None of that excuses what Hamas has done, but Jesus wake up.
Bruh
Wow wake up!!
Left alone to steal Palestinian homes? Of course they do.
Then why are they annexing land that isn't theirs, still, turfing out the Palestinians that live there, and then moving in Israelis?
Not the actions of a nation that just wants to be "left alone:
Israel is going to wipe out Hamas..end of story
The whole problem is that Israel is going to wipe out a lot more than Hamas.
Hopefully they can do so swiftly and with as little collateral damage as possible
Whatever context history has set up to this point, right or wrong, there will be no more Hamas from this point forward.
Kinda, my position has always been:
- IDF has to admit to its crimes and be held responsible for its atrocities
- Palestinians in Israel need to have the same civil rights as the Israelis
- Israel needs to stop their forced settlement in Palestinian areas
- Israel needs to protect its democracy from theocratic authoritarians like Netanjahu 
But also:
- Israel needs to be protected as the only democracy and free country in the region and should always be allowed to protect itself
- Gaza needs to be cleansed of the Hamas so these terrorists don't have their grip and anti Semitic manipulation over the Palestinians anymore
- Palestinians inside And outside Israel need to distance themselves from the crimes of Hamas so maybe maybe one day a two state solution is possible
- surrounding countries like Egypt need to keep working on their anti semitism and recognise Israel as a state 
This attack is shocking to the bones and makes me re-evaluate my hope for a two state solution. Palestine cannot expect to exist freely as long as its associated to Hamas. I'm mostly just sad and angry... we'll see if I change my mind
Absolutely it changed my mind. Whatever sympathy I had for Palestine has eroded.
Dont conflate Palastine with terrorists.
This is way more complicated than "who are the baddies?"
I have changed my mind. What I’ve witnessed is pure evil. I’ve watched a Philippine migrant worker nearly decapitated with a garden hoe by Hamas militants. I’ve witnessed a a boy roughly aged eight be shoved, mocked, and beaten by a group of Gaza children. a massacre of 250 plus young people at a party in the desert, whole families laying dead on the street and in their homes, a husband comforting his two also captured children while they cry and a militant mocks them about their dead mother, beheaded soldiers etc… I hope and pray that Gaza be leveled to the ground and the evil that endured there to cease forever.
I think that last part is a little bit of an exaggeration. Even if the majority are bad, a lot of innocents would die if Gaza were to be leveled. 
And in counties like that, you gotta think about the women. Who get no say in the conflict yet suffer it's consequences.
I lived through both intifadas, multiple rounds of fighting with Gaza, had family and schoolmates killed by the Palestinians. Seen and heard many instances of blood-curdling acts of barbarism from the Palestinian side, beyond that. The one thing that made me far more right wing than any of those, was talking to actual anti-Zionists online.
You need to understand that among the Israeli left, there's a weird assumption that anti-Zionists are their peers and comrades, not their mortal enemies, that can't tell the difference between them and right-wing Israelis. That antisemitism and anti-Zionism are occasionally linked, like among the heads of the Iranian regime or Hamas, or Western Neo-Nazis... but certainly not among educated, liberal Westerners. That those liberal Westerners actually are what they say: mere fighters for human rights, using objective standards, that would protect me and my family, just like it protects the Palestinians. That Zionism is a done deal, and anti-Zionism is the basically the same as left-wing Zionism. Opposing the settlements, supporting a two-state solution, supporting peace.
Hearing how very educated, eloquent actual anti-Zionists talk, made me realize that I was believing in complete nonsense. Even when the anti-Zionists who didn't shoot a single bullet in the back of an old lady's head, or slit a single Jewish child's throat, are tantamount to, say, white supremacists. People who believe in an ideology that's fundamentally not acceptable, and if implemented would lead to horrible atrocities against me and my family. 
The only real nuance here, is that some people who call themselves anti-Zionists were merely mislead about what anti-Zionism means (and are actually liberal Zionists or non-Zionists), and some anti-Zionists can put their horrible ideology aside, and concentrate on more rational goals.
Wow. Equating anti-racist with white supremacists takes some mental gymnastics. Hope you win the misinformation Olympics you're practicing for so hard. 
Non-violent anti-Zionists are the only thing that will lead to our collective salvation as Canaanites and indigenous people of the land.
I've never been very much of a supporter of Palestine as a state, as with most Islamic states it treats women, LGBT people, atheists and other minorities like shit on average. So recent events didnt exactly change my pov.
 shit
/u/RomeFan4Ever. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
I had the view of Palestinians were living under apartheid conditions.   I was very sympathetic to them having autonomy in Gaza.   I had hopes the two people would become more secular and peace was a possibility.   
But given the videos I’ve seen of what Hamas has done over the last weekend; I don’t think there can ever be peace or the two people can live together.   From a pragmatic viewpoint, in order for Israel to have security for its people; Palestinians should be forced out of Gaza and be allowed to seek refugee in other countries.   Israel should give aid money for relocation for those who leave willingly.  But otherwise, Israel is justified by clearing out people by force.
Edit: in response to the ‘ethnic cleansing’ reply.  Hamas codify their belief of, “declares all of Palestine a waqf, an unalienable religious property consisting of land endowed to Muslims in perpetuity by God,[320][y][322] with religious coexistence under Islam's rule.[323] The charter rejects a two-state solution, stating that the conflict cannot be resolved "except through jihad". [Wiki](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hamas).  
if Israel forces the removed Palestinians from the area or carpet bombed the whole Gaza strip; it was only the result of the escalation of Jihad initiated by Hamas.  I would be more sympathetic if Palestinians called for elections and for representation.  But instead we saw civilians kids taken as hostages.
 relocation for those who leave willingly. But otherwise, Israel is justified by clearing out people by force.
"Ethnic cleansing is the systematic forced removal of ethnic, racial, and religious groups from a given area, with the intent of making a region ethnically homogeneous."
**Source**: Wikipedia "Ethnic Cleansing"
So kick out people from their homes after you entered their home by force and claimed it. Sounds perfectly logical to me.
As a default I'm not on the side that shouts Allah Akbar while killing civilians
But you're ok with the sound of airplanes dropping bombs on civilians. How default of you.
Yes. After this display, it is clear Israel needs to respond with a widespread low yield tactical (not strategic) nuclear strike on the strip.
Yeah no big deal, just casually use nuclear weapons. The use of which has been internationally outlawed decades.
Too all who don't let me tell you something. They killed babies. Their kids turtured ours. It is a massacare. You are going to suffer for that. We wouldn't shut. Gaza is going back to the stone aged. You had enough time to stop, now you will see what we do when are mad.
That sounds like a genocide.
The Jews have been stealing Palestinian land since the 1918s and backed by an illegal Balfour declaration pushed thru which allowed the Jews to steal land from Muslim and Christian Palestinians.
Realistically, Israel may now have no practical alternative to doing things that kill Palestinian civilians, and that kill the hostages the Palestinians have taken. 
This is a tough, terrible situation. I’m not in Israel but I commute to work through what could easily be part of the conflict. I’m trying to practice going out saying the Shema. Probably I’d just whimper. 
In the long run, if Israel and Palestine both survive, the situation is not changed and my views are not changed. 
Israel still has as much right to exist as all the other countries with complicated origins. 
Palestinians still have a right to be angry, and we all have a moral obligation to work to make sure their legitimate grievances are addressed. 
The Palestinians as a group are still hard to work with because they’re wallowing in violent self-pity and getting too many people to wallow with them. 
No one can expect any Israeli to be full of peacemaking energy now, but they have not been radiating peacemaking energy in recent years. 
And the Palestinians are still having babies who have done nothing wrong and deserve what every other baby deserves. 
Somehow, we have to pray that G-d shows us doors we could not see and helps us move forward, for the sake of those innocent children as well as our innocent children.
There is a video showing a kidnapped Jewish young boy being molested by Palestinian boys of similar age.
Point is, the Palestinian kids are being raised to hate the Jews from a very young age. I've seen videos of 10yo boys throwing stones at IDF. Therefore, maybe it's an ugly thing to say, but I don't really feel sorry for them - their minds have already been poisoned.
Does anyone who writes posts like this one ever take into account the freaking *context*? There’s over 75 years worth of context that’s being thrown out the window whenever someone writes something like this, which tells me that your opinion is not lead by any form of critical thinking.
For a moment, take into account all the events that led to this current conflict. What were you expecting to happen? For Palestine to play some form of perfect victim and remain oppressed in an open air prison with no real support or change occurring? Palestine and the PLO have been, for 30 years, wanting to uphold an agreement for a sovereign state and recognizing Israel. All Israel had to do was back off their military expansion and the increasing amount of settlements into illegally occupied lands—a statement that’s ironic, since everything has been illegally occupied to begin with—and yet Israel has done nothing of the kind, the opposite in fact! People of any nation have a right to resist and retaliate their oppressors, something universally agreed on.
You make a post without taking into account the context or the root causes, and then you ask people if they’ve changed their mind because what’s being broadcasted, which is just the digital side of this war, that’s all about exposure from one perspective and winning people over by emotional reactions.
No context needed for murderers raping and parading dead civilians through the streets
Did the Jews rape and murder German citizens after the end of World War 2?
I always supported Israel. Now at least the truth comes out. Hamas are terrorists and fanatics. Always were and always will be.
Hamas are just following their religion. Don’t they have the right to follow Islam? Hear me out:
Their prophet asked his companions to capture women of invaded non Muslims, rape them and the take them as slaves. **When some companions objected he said that doing so would please Allah and so his companions raped those women.** Now following in the Prophet’s footsteps is considered Sunnah and a great virtue. **So Hamas guys are just doing it to please Allah.**
Never expect Muslim fighters to not rape women during war because while other cultures have a few bad apples, their religion actively encourages it.
Ah, another reason why that religion is extremely *messed up and should be eradicated.
If thats the case, then no. They dont.
Lol whenever a terrorist attack happens anywhere in the world, it's always them
Thing is, the situation is so bad today that sadly both sides are committing terrible things. Hamas does terrorists stuff, yes, and we should never accept terrorism. However, it went to the point that in the Gaza Strip, they don't have anything left than violence to get anything changed. Today, we just have innocents people, on both sides, getting targetted and killed because of terrible decisions made decades ago.
And... why do we have to stick for one side? I mean, it's not a damn game, we aren't praying foxhole here, it's not good vs evil. We can argue that one side is more legitimate than the others because of what has been decided 80 years ago, but that's it, it was 80 years ago. All of the people at that time are dead now. Neither Israeli nor Hamas are peaceful parts, both did and want to do terrible things, that no one should support.
Obviously, we can all understand how and why it turned out this way, yet it's not an excuse either.
Reddit seems to think that all Palestinians are responsible for the actions of Hamas, while also saying that not all Russians are responsible for the actions of Russia (in Ukraine)
And while the attacks are obviously bad, it's also proof that the status quo wasn't working. Maybe Israel will realise that now.
This. You can be pro the people of both, and against the Israeli government and Hamas.
Took you long enough…
The year is 3816, Hamas and Hezbollah launch another attack on Israel with Saudi and Iran backing and killing 447 Jews and wounded 7000+ so far. In return, Israel bombed the New Gaza and along the recently peaceful Golan border. The causality number is being tight lips by the Muslim authority.
The year is 5316, Hamas and Hezbollah launch another attack on Israel with Saudi and Iran backing and killing 847 Jews and wounded 13000+ so far. In return, Israel bombed the New Gaza and Old Gaza and along the recently peaceful Golan border. The causality number is being tight lips by the Muslim authority.
The year is 8804, Hamas and Hezbollah launch another attack on Israel with Iran backing and killing 4647 Jews and wounded 18000+ so far. In return, Israel bombed the New Gaza and Old Gaza and along the recently peaceful Golan border. The causality number is being tight lips by the Muslim authority.
The year is 53936, Hamas and Hezbollah launch another attack on Israel with Iran backing and killing 7377 Jews and wounded 26000+ so far. In return, Israel bombed the Unified Gaza and along the recently Golan border. The causality number is being tight lips by the Muslim authority.
Climate change will add an interesting variable in those years too
Videos I see of Palestinians being oppressed for many years. I even let myself  side with Israel but just too harsh. Imagine police being so rough against civilians but this is not their own people but it comes from some other people. So No, i didn't change my mind. They need to be free. Give them their land back. Remove all those barricades and those robotic guns. Ukrainian fought back when Russia came to occupy them. Why not the Palestinians have their say
This is murder. The 'collateral' is the point. Right now, having seen kidnapped children being used like a lioness trains cubs with a young gazelle, my levels of rage are such that if I were Israeli I'd be happy to turn Gaza into a glass car park. And I'm normally sympathetic to the Palestinians. The worst of humanity is on display.
Welp now you start to understand what Israelis feel every time the west looks the other way, it’s always like this:
1) Get punched hard
2) hit back
3) world infuriated at you claiming you started it.
This is LITERALLY every single time, always.
To be honest, this conflict has gone so long. The only way to make changes is to do something extreme.  Don't be surprised that if nukes come into play in a few decades if not sooner.
https://www.instagram.com/reel/CyJHMQMIpke/?igshid=MTc4MmM1YmI2Ng==
This is what the “Palestinian freedom fighters” are fighting for
Hey do you have the source for that how do we know that it's actually this conflict
They are surrounded by Muslim countries, sure perhaps extreme at times? Don't think have much choice? What happened Saturday was dead wrong killing women and children gloves should come off?
Same
I used to be super pro palestine & involved with an org supporting Palestinian Freedom. As I've grown older, I've begun to lean my support to Israel. My heart goes to Israelis 🩵 especially to my friends in Tel Aviv. Stay safe 🩵. 
Palestinians don't know that lots of Israelis are against occupation, especially the Standing Together Movement & Meretz. But seeing how Hamas kidnaps women & paraded a dead Israeli soldier as if she was nothing. It made me lose respect for Palestine. Yes, Israel did a lot of oppressions, such as not allowing some Muslims to pray at Al Aqsa, but that is not a reason for you to shame a DEAD body. She is dead, yet you paraded it. Such Barbaric People. 
I wish one day I'll be able to visit Tel Aviv. Stay Safe Israel🩵
Right, because the only oppressive thing that has happened to Palestinians is not be able to pray. Got it.
Me, yes. Was on the Palestinian side. I saw videos where normal Israelis are being bought into Gaza strip in open cars and Palestinians spitting, throwing shoes and hitting them?! I understand that israel acts like a bully but this is NOT done. Sorry, can't stand behind this. I still support the cause of a two state solution where Israel does not go further into the Palestinian territory but after this they will go all in I think. Geopolitics is such grey space.
I agree, Hamas has to go. But this conflict has been ongoing forever it seems. A new group will pick up where Hamas left if both sides don't finally compromise. Anyway religion rears its ugly head once more.
 f***
/u/B0dom. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
It kinda feels sketchy that this is coming from an account that hasn't been active for a year. Feels like a big thing for an account that doesn't even comment to come out and announce to the world....
There are a bunch of not great people on both sides, and the proportions of shitty people to reasonable people on both sides seems to be growing. 
As a Jew there's a place in my heart for Isreal. And if the leaders were like Yitzhak Rabin I'd be able to support the country somewhat. But the religious zealots there breed like rabbits and don't go into the army etc. so are taking over the country.
 shitty
/u/Expendable_Red_Shirt. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Palistinians are terrorists and as soon as US gets involved, as they always do since they are the babysitters of the world, they will all be wiped off the face of the world. Maybe a nuke would be a good reset button.
Good to see that some of people blindly promoting Palestine are able to change their mind. I can't see anything else but terrorism here.
"B-but they started it!!!!!"
It's pretty clear this will be the end for Hamas. And supporters of it will suffer for it. And only then will they see they have to change.
people hurting people is crazy enough but if you look at the history around that area its basically all thats goes on.
Thats why I dont take any sides. Killing each other is wrong, simple as that. I hate what Palestine did today and did before, as I also hate what Israel has done. Stop with this shit
I remain detached. People fighting over dirt and fairy tales is a hopeless mess. I'd rather focus on bringing clean drinking water to a billion people. Dirty water kills 20x more than all conflict combined and would only cost 114bn to fix. Money the world just never seems to have for anything but war. 
It truly is the planet of the apes. Some days I think there simply is no solution. Maybe we're just a failed species.
I didn't have an opinion before, but seeing the videos yesterday, I sure as hell have one now.
can someone summarize the whole issue about palestine and israel pls
Sure which slant do you want?
Lol.
Just made a post about that.
Nah, I still rock with Palestine. If a *terrorist* group pushes you towards Israel, then you were on their side to begin with anyways. Israel has been terrorizing Palestinians for decades, state sanctioned. You cool with that OP?
I'm cool with it.
Yup. Used to be pretty indifferent but now I'm 100% on Israel's side.
Yes, I used to be entirely neutral and uncaring. Then I saw how staunchly Reddit is supporting Palestine, and knowing how Reddit usually has the worst possible take, it has pushed me towards being favorable towards Israel. I still know nothing and care little though
By your own logic, supporting Israel is the worst possible take because you, a redditor, had it.
You change your views on what 2 million people deserve, based on the actions of a "few"?
Hamas were terrorists before, most Palestines still aren't. But I changed my mind as well, at least a bit. If Abbas etc. can't prevent this terrorism, why should they be able to once the legal borders are restored. I still support the idea that a two-state solution is the only one that could be peaceful eventually, but ceasing land to terrorists is not a valid two-state solution.
*the group that has admitted to carrying out terrorist attacks in the past are in fact terrorists* Shocked Pikachu face
It’s weird. The attack by Hamas is the only thing I’ve seen the American right wing and left wing agree on. Right winger loved it because of all the Jews killed and left wingers think they deserved it. Weird to see them agree so heavily
Honestly, at this point, both sides are awful and are not deserving of any sort or form of support from anyone.
The US should just bite the bullet and level the entire region. 2,000 years and they still can’t get it together. They’ve had their chance now they can be a Walmart and Taco Bell with extra parking
I guess most people's opinion about that war is a part of their main narrow agenda. As a resault, they will never choose a side objectively. That's why western progressive people will automaticaly support palastine even without knowing any single fact about the middle east. Even if ironically, as westerns, they might find their selves murdered of raped in Gazza only for being westerns or gays. I know middle east history and indeed understand the roots of the conflict well, but what makes me support Israel is the fact that it shares same philosophical values with the west but still suffer from nonsence antagonism just for being a jewish state. The roots of this antagonism are indeed good old antisemitism, otherwise, any other western a like culture which promotes science and literacy in the middle east was automaticaly supported by the west while religious fundamentalism being rejeceted.
There is no justifying terrorism, and there is no justifying the oppression that creates terrorists. There is no morality here. But you can observe the simple fact that this was a deterministic outcome. You lock millions in an open air prison, in extreme poverty. There is no future in Gaza, and you aren't allowed to get out of Gaza. You have a couple generations now of people who have grown up with no hope, nothing to lose, and who blame you for it. That has exactly one outcome, and we are seeing it play out. If you treat humans like animals, they will remind you that we are animals.
 fuck
/u/pablinhoooooo. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
People suddenly forgot about the history in the region. We let our immediate emotion cloud our judgdment. You don't simply turn barbaric for no reason.
I doubt Israel will let go of Gaza this time. They will probably try to kill as many as they can to show the consequences of war.
There are so many people in Europe, often liberal white Europeans, out waving Palestine flags in support of Hamas. What is wrong with these people?! Hamas would have all of these white women and any of the gay liberals executed. They side with their enemy…why? Out of fear of being called “racist”?!?!
You can have solidarity with Palestinians without supporting Hamas. Innocent people being forced out of the homes they've owned for generations so Israeli people can take their land. Imports/exports being banned or controlled, no freedom of movement, prevention of infrastructure development. Palestinians are basically treated like inconvenient vermin rather than human beings.
I have never heard of anyone supporting Hamas. Unless you for some reason think all Palestinians are secretly Hamas members
No.
It's weird that you want to find a good guy in something so complicated. Both sides can be right and wrong. Both can be both victim and aggressor.
This isn't pro sports. You don't need to root for one over the other. You can just feel badly about both governments treating the people so poorly
The most interesting part of this thread is this super polite bot correcting people for saying fuck, shit, ass.
 fuck
/u/yopolotomofogoco. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
That shit is funny
Imagine a world without gods.
Yea, like Russia and Ukraine. Umm..may be Vietnam? North and South Korea?
Netanyahu is a blight on Israel. Conservatives always cause division
I'm Israeli 🇮🇱, did not change my mind 🤔
I'm not against a palestinian state in the west bank (including area C) + east Jerusalem + gaza and lifting the blockade on gaza 🤔 however, absolutely **NO** "law of return", **NO** passage through or entering Israel (even to work), and **HARSH** responses to any form of terror 💣 🤔🤔 Like if one rocket makes it into Israel when a palestinian state exists, the palestinians have **NO** excuse and a city in gaza has to be burned to the ground in response 🤦‍♂️👎
So…. When a terrorist organization attacks your country you think the appropriate response is to bomb a shit ton of civilians?
Just let Israel take Palestine once and for all and be done with this shit.
 shit
/u/DaBi5cu1t. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Yes, it will happen
Give that parcel of land to Egypt or turkey to maintain. Hama's appear to be Iranian shills.
Or clear it out for Israel.
Looking into the history it seems like literally 1000s of years of back-and-forth. What shocked me a lot was the realization how Jews fled Germany during WW II and the cynical words of the Nazis. In fact Mohammed Amin al-Husseini who collaborated with the Nazis has also been mentor to Jassir Arafat the founder of the PLO and he is still today held in high regard. I think the devil is in the details also if you look how the population numbers on both sides developed over the 20th century in the area.
Apart from that on a societal level things like child marriages and arranged marriages seem a little widespread. Probably most of the Palestinians are "innocent" in some sense and a loud and furious minority is driving all this. But that raises the question to what degree the Palestinian state (in Gaza) is able to hold things together at all.
That said I wonder if we'd gotten literally the same picture if what happened this weekend had happened decades ago. Maybe it's worth revisiting the incidents during the previous Intifadas and wars.
/u/hi65435. 'Nazis' Casual comments and analogies are inflammatory and therefor not allowed.  
We allow for exemptions for comments with meaningful information that must be based on historical facts accepted by mainstream historians. See [Rule 6](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_6._nazi_comparisons) for details.  
This bot flags comments using simple word detection, and cannot distinguish between acceptable and unacceptable usage. Please take a moment to review your comment to confirm that it is in compliance.
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Yes
HAMAS, is the problem here, the palestinians are paying the price of hamas´ actions
‘Stolen’ lol. Nothing was stolen.
"Hamas" and "Israel" could be interchangeable there.
I've always been against Hamas and Israel, they deserve each other. I am and always have been on the side of the poor Palestinians who lost everything to Israel and always pay the price for Hamas' actions.
Med time
Palestine as a country never existed, they have zero claim
I must've missed the war where people didn't do terrible things and everyone was just plain nice and honorable to each other. Ukraine soldiers are doing the same thing to Russian bodies. Is Ukraine evil too?
its really weird how this brain dead argument keeps coming up. Ukraine and Israel were invaded and are fighting back, justice is on their side.
Hamas isn't the same thing as Palestine. Hamas has always been a terrorist organisation, but we can't really be surprised terrorism breeds in the Gaza strip, violence is the language of the silenced after all.
Not really, no, but taking the actions of a handful of extremists and applying it the group as a whole is definitely what I'm worried Netenyahu's govt will do.  If the past few decades have taught me anything, it's just how cautious we should be of a government's willingness to gleefully march into a nightmarish war following a terror attack. 
The attack should be condemned and those responsible brought to justice, but I suspect what we will see in the coming days will dwarf the attack that started this.
Hamas is an elected group. They were voted into power originally.
Nope. I don't believe Palestine did this. Hamas, a terrorist organization, did this. I suspect that Russia via Iran are supporting Hamas, and now Israel will use this brutal attack on civilians as an excuse to try and wipe out Palestine and Palestinians completely. Netanyahu is a criminal. Remember that.
So, you woke yourself up from a multi-year nap from shilling crypto just to post this? Who is paying you?
This is the question. Who is paying this person to post rhetoric like this? Very odd when a non-poster just all of a sudden post something that becomes popular....
Hamas is a subsidiary of Iran, full financial support from them.
now Israel will use this brutal attack on civilians as an excuse to try and wipe out Palestine and Palestinians completely.
There's footage of Israel still following ROE. People just ran in slaughtering civilians and the IDF is still using roof knock bombs to evacuate Palestinian civilians before taking down a building.
Worlds apart in comparison, and youre just as shilly as the OP for pretending otherwise. 🙄
85% pro Israel, the rest 15% for innocent arab civilians
My mind also tends to side with the Israeli victims at this moment, especially since a lot of them are civilians and it‘s really barbaric. However I want to wait with passing my judgement until the picture gets clearer.
What I learned is it‘s never (and I mean never,ever) that it’s one bad side and one good side. It‘s always something in between
War is war and hasn’t changed. The videos you saw were anecdotal evidence of war in a notoriously religiously charged area of the world. They could have been produced in any part of the world fitting the criteria Israel does. Opinion has not changed.
Imagine you have a house, and then a bunch of strangers move into your house and then keep you out of that side of the house. 
Then a rich guy on the other side of town is giving weapons to the guy who took half your house to keep you out.
And they just keep taking more, attacking and mocking you. I'm sure you wouldn't be civil about taking back your own home either.
Calling this comment a simplification of events would be an understatement
This is so full of shit
Arabs also colonized this region centuries ago. They should move away as well then
The history of the world is one of conquest.  If you are the loser militarily you have to make adjustments, migrate, etc.  It has been that way since the dawn of time.
Ahhhhh, so defending you from terrorist attack is "attacking" and "mocking" civilian population, you people that support this are seriously delusional, tell me why "freedom fighters" are raping women and children? Putting little children into cages like dogs? executing people like animals? Disacrating their bodies?
&#x200B;
Go to a Psychiatric center.
I'm sure that there are Palestinian people just want peace and don't support Hamas/radicals, I'd love to know what proportion though.
Nice try Fed boys
No. I always knew Palestinians were Muslim and therefore wish for the extermination of everything that isn't them.
Israelis and Palestinians are like lions and hyenas on the plains of Africa…there will never ever be peace between the two sides.
But as reprehensible as the Palestinian actions are, the state of Israel has backed them into a corner by encroaching on their land and depriving them of their rights, treating them as human filth, etc.
When Jewish people continue to believe that a piece of land was pre-ordained by God to be theirs for all eternity, you can’t have a rational discussion with an ethnic group or country that thinks like that.
Again, I’m not defending the murderous behavior of Hamas, but unless Jewish people get over this false complex that they’re “God’s chosen people” (per the Old Testament, which contains as much bullshit as it does wisdom), there will never be any peace.
Of course, the negative effects of European imperialism upon people who inhabited the area for hundreds if not thousands of years can’t be discounted either.
And white people for centuries have mistreated darker skinned ethnicities for thousands of years, so there is an element of pure racism to all of this.
I agree with most of what you said. However if you replace Israel with the USA and replace Palestine with the Native Americans you can see why the Palestinian argument is a non starter. Right or wrong land is gained through force in many instance’s throughout world history. The USA is a major example. Native American resistance was squashed and a near genocide took place and the result we have today are Indian reservations where they have sovereignty over the land for the most part. If Native Americans and their ancestors were terrorizing people in Chicago for instance they would be rounded up, imprisoned and or murdered. Who would support natives terrorizing modern Americans? The fact is the Palestinians are used as pawns for rest of the Jew and Israel hating populace worldwide. Why wouldn’t Jordan (what a palestininan’s passport would be)accept them rather than using them as a buffer? It’s like if San Diego was recaptured by Mexico and instead of the rest of California taking in the San Diegoans they forced them to become terrorists to gain that land back from Mexico. In this example the US at large would use the people of San Deigo as pawns- human cannon fodder, to have a generations long power struggle with Mexico over a small portion of land. Now of course the US would want to fight to regain the land, however it’s the pushing of the civilians in San Diego to do the dirty work without support that is akin to how the Palestinians are treated. So instead of the rest of CA and the other 49 states accepting refugees from San Diego while they work on a peace strategy, they said you must throw rocks at and antagonize the occupying military as well as suicide bomb and kill as many Mexican civilians as possible who have retaken their land and being resettled by the Mexican government.
 bullshit
/u/musicman644. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Well said
People are angry about the manner in which Hamas proceeded to terrorize Israel and scare the entire Western world over the last few days, which is very understandable and justified.  Though I also agree with you that it would be disingenuous to look at this act in isolation from everything that happened before.  Decades of oppression and passive-aggresive, sometimes "active-aggressive", policies have largely contributed to this escalation.            
Call me crazy but I think Russia is involved in this somehow. They will do anything to destabilize the West and distract from their own war. It wouldn't surprise me if they helped via misinformation campaigns, possibly arms supply to accelerate, maybe instigate this escalation.  As heartless as it may make me sound right now, the Israel-Palestine conflict is less important than the Russia conflict as Russia remains the biggest threat to world peace. Without getting rid of the current government and their ideologies and values, I don't see any peace and prosperity in the Middle East, in Ukraine, in Africa and even Europe and the US will continue to shift to the right with unimaginable consequences.
Nothing has changed. The vast majority of deaths have been palestinian civilians.
Its all civilians being massacred by fundie power mongers. Far-right war hawks in Israel and terrorist warlords in Gaza.
Neither 'side' wants peace. They want endless war, to stay in control of their faction.
Its the innocents who suffer. Screw Hamas and screw the Israeli warhawks.
 Fuck
/u/Training-Fact-3887. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Because most people from Gaza are animals. I'm personally on Israel side, but I do support rights of people in West Bank (two state solution), but in Gaza - they are all brainwashed idiots and maniacs
Why are they all forced to live in a tiny strip of land? Is it because Israel is an apartheid state that relocated hundreds of thousands of people for their own benefit? Why do you expect Gazans to just sit down and take that?
Glad you are awake. I wonder though, what and why were you supporting?  It is obvious who the Palestinians and Hamas are. They tell you daily with their threats, beheadings and attacks. 
What was the end goal or idea for the support?  Did you think if palestine is "freed" that they would chill out and go about building their country?  Or possibly would they continue to attack because in their minds their initial actions garnered a good result?
Muslims will never stop as their religion tells them not to. So what are people supporting when they support these muslim causes?  How do they see these conflicts ending eventually?
The only time muslims will chill out is when they are the only ones left on earth. Thats is a fact and dont let a sly sneaky lying imam trick you into thinking otherwise. They are the BEST at lying, weasling and changing meaning when they discuss their cult. 
Israel needs to declare war on the ENTIRE muslim world. 
Tell them- We will hunt you everywhere. Youre leaders are not safe anywhere. We will kill them all when they fly, drive or sleep. All of your muslim countries and their infrastructure is going to be turned to dust. If we our drones see a muslim or arab within 100miles of isareli border, regardless if its a lost kid or a dehydrated woman, we will kill them. We are no longer being political. We tried for many years but this disease is chronic.
I always like to ask people who support muslim causes how they rationalize this. For me its very simple- You hve 2 countries at war. One country, Israel, has a 12.7% population of muslim/palis/arabs living their just fine. There isnt a single Jewish household in the entirety of Palestine. What does that tell you?
Which nation is most likely to integrated the others peoples?
Easy there Hitler
Hurt people hurt people
Surely the IDF has never murderer civilians right?  It's not like cops can be bastards, they are the good guys /s
They don't actively target civilians at least not on a large scale such as this. How can you defend what happened
That’s right, the IDF has never and will never intentionally murder civilians. If you did any research you would understand this.
These comments read like
"Raping women and murdering children are the language of the unheard. What has Israel failed to hear?"
This has been the stated goal of Hamas, who has the majority support of Palestinians. The same Palestinians who Hamas repeatedly use as human shields so that they can garner sympathy from people who pretend to care about these things.
The justification these people are making is ridiculous
I always stood for Palestine, and will always but certainly not the Hamas. The actual Palestinians have been mistreated for 75 years and completely misrepresented over the world. Too many people think that Palestine is a terrorist country slaughtering the Israeli while they actually just want their peace back and their territory.
For a while, there has been this ongoing info war about the motivations.  
Why is Israel inacting apartheid? 
- Palestinians say it is because Israelies are Zionists who want to control and eliminate them.
- Israel says it is to confine terrorists and ensure safety for their citizens
What do the Israelis want? 
 - Israelis say they want to live in their original homeland without persecution. A democratic state.
- Palestinians say Israelies want to cleanse them from their land and create a Jewish state. 
What do Palestinians want?
- Palestinians say they just want their homes back.
-Israelies say Palestinians want to take over and create a theocratic state devoid of Christians and jews. 
I think there is truth to both sides of these arguments, but the way this attack has gone, it is becoming clear where the true motivations lie.  Israel could have wiped out Palestinians if they wanted to. It would be easy. Israelies are nice enough to call before bombing targets and use precision munitions to minimize casualties. Meanwhile, Palestinians fire rockets indiscriminately and, when given the opportunity, murder and kidnap civilians directly. 
Their constant Allah akbar wails and religious chants drives home the fact that this is not about freedom.. it's about Jihad... about theocratic control. It is not illegal to be Muslim in Israel, that was never their goal.
Just like the argument that the "Civil War was about states rights" leads to the rhetorical question "states rights to do what?"   The argument that "Hamas fights for freedom of palestinians." "Freedom to do what?"
Both sides have delusional religious motivations, but there is a very clear "lesser of two evils" here. The veil of the poor downbeaten underdog fighting for freedom has been pulled off. What lies beneath is a sick jihadist group whose previous misdeeds caused the apartheid in the first place... something they tried to convince us was a lie.
Israelies are nice enough to call before bombing targets and use precision munitions to minimize casualties. Meanwhile, Palestinians fire rockets indiscriminately 
Hammas doesn't have the precision munitions necessary for this.
And it’s a part of the world that has been fighting wars for 10,000 years….:will there ever be peace?
For each of your questions, I think both answers are correct. Neither the Israelis nor Palestinians are monolithic groups in which everyone wants the same thing. Each side consists of multiple factions, some of which are more moderate, some of which are more extreme. And particular individuals on each side will have their own complex set of views which may change over time or depending on circumstances.
The poor downbeaten underdog and the sick jihadist are both there, and have always been there, and sometimes there may be a little of both in the same person.
You were off to a good start, then completely missed the mark.
Sounds like you're  a completely reasonable human being. I think most people want for the Palestinians what the Israelis have - a homeland and a vibrant democracy. But maybe just maybe this latest action shows that there really is no moral high ground on the other side.
Bot post trying to gain sympathy for Israel. Fuck off Unit 8200
 Fuck
/u/genericusername0420. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Places like this sub seem to have no problem blaming Israelis for Israel’s actions.  Because at a certain point the voters are responsible for their government.
I have never understood why the same rationale doesn’t apply for most people to Hamas and Palestine.  Hamas is literally the majority political party in Palestine. 
I can hope Palestine can have a functioning state and homeland, but the government they picked is intrinsically antisemitic in its very charter.  In contrast, Muslims can and have served on Israel’s Supreme Court…
The treatment of the Palestinians by Israel is atrocious. This action by Hamas is atrocious.   
I don't know what the solution is.
OP makes it sound like it’s the fault of all Palestinians. 
It’s not. Hamas is like Al qaeda or the taliban. Most civilians don’t support them. 
What hamas did is inexcusable. What the Israeli government has done until the present day is also unacceptable. It’s not defending themselves. It’s segregating and harassing innocent people.
Not targeting civilians.
I have supported Israel ever since 9-11 when there were videos of the Palestinians celebrating the attacks. The Palestinians have committed countless terrorist acts in Israel over the years. They lob rockets into israel every day and cry when israel responds. They have bombed busses, pizza parlors, and schools. They murdered Robert F Kennedy, they murdered an entire Israeli Olympic team. They have been offered a peaceful two state solution multiple times and they have refused because their goal is to kill all the Jews and destroy Israel.
How anyone in the west has convinced themselves that the Palestinians are the good guys in this conflict is beyond me.
Murdered Robert who? Lmfao, brainwashed
It’s infuriating that they launch their attacks behind civilians and use them as a shield.
I full on can’t get why people support this group. It’s such a cowardly move.
Let’s launch rockets from a school or hospital!!
Aren’t they supposed to believe in a God? If they do what do they think is going to happen to them? I mean come on, read most religious texts - it’s about LOVE. If some prophet is saying “those that don’t believe our ways should die by the sword,” that should be a huge red flag.
Condemning the terrorism and war crimes committed by Hamas does not necessarily mean you can't side with Palestine in the bigger conflict. I hate every fucking Hamas scum just like i hate every member of the IDF, but there will never be any doubt in my mind as to who the worst perpetrator of evil is here. Israel. They have terrorized Palestine for literally decades. That a nation founded as a reaction to the horrors of the Holocaust would go so far in emulating Nazi Germany is deeply disgusting to me.
And let's not pretend these are two equal parties fighting each other. Israel vs Palestine is comparable to a grown man fighting a toddler in terms of resources and military power.
/u/-AngvarAvAsk--
 at a nation founded as a reaction to the horrors of the Holocaust would go so far in emulating Nazi Germany is deeply disgusting to me.
This violates [rule 6](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_6._nazi_comparisons_.26amp.3B_discussions). Nazi comparisons are inflammatory, and should not be used except in describing acts that were specific and unique to the Nazis, and only the Nazis.
addressed
/u/-AngvarAvAsk--. 'Nazi' Casual comments and analogies are inflammatory and therefor not allowed.  
We allow for exemptions for comments with meaningful information that must be based on historical facts accepted by mainstream historians. See [Rule 6](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_6._nazi_comparisons) for details.  
This bot flags comments using simple word detection, and cannot distinguish between acceptable and unacceptable usage. Please take a moment to review your comment to confirm that it is in compliance.
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
 fucking
/u/-AngvarAvAsk--. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Honestly, no, it didn't change my mind very much. maybe it showed me a level of cruelty I didn't expect.
I still very much support the Palestinian's plea for a decent life with dignity, and I believe that continuing this occupation only deteriorate Palestinian society into the animalistic state we watched yesterday. But I still wish them success, and I know that the only way they can start to pull out of the grips of fundamentalists is to have a freer more civil democratic society, something that is impossible to achieve as long as they live at the mercy of Israel.
Gazan society has deteriorated to this state after living in a prison with no prospect or hope, it didn't start like this, and the only way it could ever stop is a return to civil society. Hamas can only exist in the context of this occupation, it will very quickly vanish with introduction of democratic institutions. They fill a void that is created by the desperation of living under a barbaric occupation.
Yesterday, my heart was with my Israeli brothers and sisters in their harrowing time, today it's with my Palestinian brothers and sisters who also have to bare the brunt of actions they cannot control.
I am angry and hurt, and I may not be extremely rational right now, but really, I wish Gazans well, I hope they survive the coming days and weeks of horrors that awaits them, I know it's near impossible at this stage to convince Israelis that retaliation isn't the smart response to this, so all I can do is send wishes to Palestinians and hope that this horrific times will pass.
With all my heart, good luck!
Hamas can go fuck itself.
The biggest issue is that to step away from fundamentalism under Hamas or imprisonment by Israeli forces in thr Gaza area, the Palestinians need to accept Israeli citizenship.  Becoming Israeli Muslim citizens and separate themselves from the conflict.  They need to, as individuals,  show they have more in common as members of Israel than with the evils that Hamas and their bankers (iran). Individual families need to choose to back what is best for them. Live as Israeli citizens (which has been offered and they technically are) or die as associates of Hamas and the corrupted views of Islam they use to control Palestinians. 
Palestine as a free, independent nation may happen,  but not for many generations to come. Maybe when Iran and Hamas no longer exist, Palestine can exist.  But not both.
FINALLY SOMEONE WHO GETS IT
 fuck
/u/Geoffrey_Cohen. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Well... That support is for rehtorical thing that does not map to what Hamas is, and what the Palestinian effectively cause is at this point in time. 
This is not spontaneous cruelty. It's the stated ethos. It is the resistance, not an abberation. Hamas have always targeted civilians. Hamas have always rejected peace, compromise. 
They defeated moderates and their two state ambitions.  Committed Palestine to this no-compromise, no-end jihad. There is no secnario where Hamas/IJ/ISIS or similar control a territory and it is not a war torn hellhole. They will fight (and have fought) Palestinians too.  
The idea that Israel is impossible to come to terms with is a lie. When Hamas took Gaza, there were no Israelis there, no naval  blockade, etc. Their first actions were descrating graveyards, launching mortars and otherwise. Too easy to loose grounding. 
See: medieval europe
I just hope you know, that if the Jews are gone, then people like you will be their next target. They don't want peace. They want Islamic Jihad. You thinking they are western is myopic and misguided. They are barbaric. Plain and simple. Filled with nothing but hatred and undeserved superiority.
You are so idiot
It is worse than I thought it would be but I thought something was coming. 
I have seen the Palestinians being pushed into a corner, losing more and more land, videos of IDF forces committing small day to day dehumanizing actions and no one helping the Palestinians.  Does anyone deserve the response provided?  Nope not at all but I have been worried for sometime that a response was coming.  
If Israel just overpowers Hamas again and dismantles it but continues doing what they have been doing, a new organization will form to push back, because they have to. 
I truly feel for all those innocent people killed, injured and abducted and those now living in even more fear both in Palestine and in Israel.
There is good and bad on both sides. I agree with you that Hamas is evil and needs to be eradicated, and in this case, there is absolutely no excuse for the invasion of southern Israel. However, carpet-bombing Gaza will accomplish nothing, just like it accomplished nothing the last four or five times there were flare-ups between Israel and Hamas. Being a bad-ass will get you only so far.
 ass
/u/rgeberer. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Hamas should be eradicated just as Israel needs to be eradicated.
To me the difference is that this isn’t ‘bad apples’ on both sides
This is the ‘elected’ recognized government of Gaza, and from what I’ve read would likely have been the government of Palestine if there were elections held in the West Bank
And this also isn’t surprising behavior, it’s exactly what Hamas have talked about and promised for decades - now the rest of the world is just seeing it first hand. 
People may not agree with the treatment of Palestinians (myself included) but the last 36 hours have reaffirmed Israel’s position on why they don’t want to give groups like Hamas even more freedom to carry out terrorist attacks on civilians
Nope. I always knew how barbaric Hamas and the Palestinians are
Glad you finally see it.
No I have not changed my mind. I’ve known all along that it is Hamas that is the problem. Think about this for one minute. Israel does not want to harm or kill innocent Palestinian civilians. If they did, the “occupation” would have been complete and final. To the degree that Palestinians embrace terrorism and support Hamas, they will continue to invite war.
They literally do harm and kill innocent Palestinians though. Regularly. They haven't taken it all over for strategic geopolitical reasons. They aren't stealing Palestinian land for the good of the Palestinians lmao. What do they expect to happen? That's how you breed terrorism.
Israel continues harming Palestinians and stealing their land or buildings by pushing them out and having the militarized cops enforce that injustice.
They just continue to take and take, and oppress them. What do you expect them to do?
No problem with fighting if you’re fighting other soldiers. Running into town and taking women and children makes you a coward, which is typical of most terrorists. There’s nothing honorable about Hamas. What’s overlooked is how they operate within Gaza. They’re little more than crooks.
Hamas is the problem. Hizbulla and Iran funding Hamas proves that they’re the problem. Biden paying billions to Iran just a few days ago means the US government is implicated too!
The problem with this fact today, is that in Gaza, nobody knows where Hamas ends and where Palestinians start.. they have infiltrated into society and brainwashed most Palestinians 😣
But please believe there’s a distinction between Hamas and the people…!! 
Hamas.. Hizbulla and Iran must be irradicated!
Most Palestinians support Hamas, that's why the PLA hasn't hosted elections for 15 years because they know Hamas would win
Hamas is... the government of Palestine... Palestinians than choose to continue living under hamas without fighting them are... Hamas.
Please gets your facts straight about the billions to Iran. It was Iran’s money that was frozen, and it’s sitting in a Qatar account monitored by the U.S. The funds have not been used yet, and are only to be used for humanitarian needs.
Hamas doesn't not equal Palestine. That's like saying I support the KKK if I support the US military.
Nope. Because the US military doesn’t take orders from the KKK.
The main problem with the Gaza Strip and all of its inhabitants is that they voted for Hamas to rule over them, therefor they all support a literal terrorist organization whose primary goal is killing civilians.
Not military, mind you, they prefer going after innocent and helpless women and children because it’s just easier
Voting as justification for attacks was one of the points that Osama Bin Laden made about Americans to justify 9/11. Among other arguments were "you pay taxes, therefore you are a valid target" and "your army *is* your people".
Please do keep in mind that Israel has been targeting hospitals, including children's hospitals, for years. In 2022, they bombed a children's hospital with F-35s firing the most accurate munitions known to man. This was not a mistake, this was not a missed target. In 2020, the IDF mutilated the bodies of several unarmed civilians they killed. If watching some horrific videos with a narrative behind them is enough to convince you of that narrative, I can provide you with videos of IDF atrocities and mutilated bodies stretching back 50 years, and perhaps you will change your mind again.
Yes. Israel should come to tterms with reality and get ready for serious negotiations. Stop the genocide on the palestinians.
If not, the death count will keep rising, on both sides.
I’m just curious how you’re defining genocide if the Palestinian population has been growing at 3% a year for decades. 
Genocide means attempting to wipe out a certain population groups (e.g., Nazis murdering two thirds of all European Jews). Genocide does not mean “getting on badly with your neighbor and having frequent, violent tit-for-tats”.
So the 70+ years of oppression from Israel who’ve been killing women and children all wiped away due to this one attack, huh? Palestinians live this every day
There has been 70 years of killing on both sides. 
You seem to conveniently choose to ignore half of the conflict.
Nothing whatsoever can excuse what we have seen today.
Yeah. I haven’t been forging myself on terror porn but I understand that Hamas is reacting to Israeli oppression.
israel has never and will never purposely murder civilians. The vast majority of palestinian civilian deaths are at fault of hamas (the terrorist org who is responsible for the current attacks) who use their civilians as human shields, essentially sacrificing them in order to generate a narrative demonizing israel. I strongly recommend you do more research before turning to “freedom fighting” because spreading this propaganda does nothing but hurt both sides and achieve the opposite of peace.
Basicly yes if you do the same, palestinians just made themselfs equal to Israel brutality. No one will support them.
They probably won't be living this much longer after their government committed suicide for them
They have always been savages. Research their history
“They”?!
"They"? Are you putting the actions of dead people on people alive now. I'm from Norway and would rather not be blamed for the actions of the vikings
Israel has been murdering Palestinians by the thousands for decades.  Most of the world cheered them on.  Israel spends $23.4 BILLION/year on their military.  Hamas spends $100 million.
This is a David/Goliath situation and most people are cheering on Goliath because David just got a shot in.
The "good" guys:
https://pbs.twimg.com/media/F76VDm3WkAAiBY-?format=png&name=small
https://twitter.com/haneefsaeed/status/1711038831578010039
palestine (\*tm) gets alot more then 100m in donations each year, i hope thats gonna start ending soon
I don’t support terrorism from either side. That being said, you must admit that Israel also practices terrorism against the Palestinians. Why do you support one form of terrorism but not another?
No no don’t you see because some book tells them it’s their land they’re just allowed to kick people out and oppress them because god
So you changed your stance because of a bunch of videos from one day? What about all the hundreds of videos of the terrible things Israel soldiers have done to Palestinian citizens for years? That was all terrorism as well. For the record, I don’t support one side or the other, I just find it interesting that you are letting your emotions change your stance so easily.
Have none of you seen this [post](https://reddit.com/r/coolguides/s/4Le3ZWzZ15)?
Afk for 2 years comes back immediately pro Israel lmao.
The entire region should be turned into a parking lot by a western country and put this shit to an end. They’re never going to play nice.
These are probably all Hasbara posts
But muh emotion
finally a neutral opinion ❤️
Exactly what I thought. If you would change your stance because of propaganda then your stance was acquired by propaganda too. We should be looking at who's at fault for starting and propagating the issue not who's the cutest at fighting for their rights. Of course the Israelis will be more civil now that they have a good life than Palestinians growing up in refugee camps and slums. What a joke.
What about you don't whatabout?
Israel is a fascist state. It has committed one atrocity after another in an effort to eradicate Palestinians. This conflict is the result of the state policies and religious bias of  Israel designed to provoke Arabs so they can have an excuse to continue their oppression.
Zombie bullshit from brainwashed monkey praising terrorists. Go on. I like it
Such as? Which atrocities? Bombing buildings after roof knocking? I’m pretty sure no Israeli civilian went to Gaza to slice throats of children
Always good to change history to match your opinion
Fascist? Not really, though you can call it similar to apartheid saf or Rhodesia.
No posts for two years prior to this, no comments for a year. No prior interest in the region or the conflict. Minimal engagement in the comments by OP since this was posted. Profile has been used exclusively to shill crypto up to this moment.
Glows so, so, so bright.
It makes sense if this person just wanted to only express this thought and nothing else. I agree with their sentiment slightly, if ideal our down its guns it would be wiped off the face of the earth. If Palestinian terrorist did then the fighting would actually stop.
Some people don't care about this stuff on a day-to-day basis.  Israel just declared war against a ghetto *it* created.  That kind of forces otherwise-apolitical folks to figure out where we stand on the issue.
And in this case - Hamas sure ain't the good guys, but at the same time... Quick, any 3rd graders in the house, tell us what happens when you back a wounded animal into a corner?
Just for your record, These "innocent people" are the ones who elected Israel's right wing and gave the green light for it to do what it has been doing. I'm not saying they should be killed but they are not innocent and they are involved in all that is happening. These governments gain public support by striking gaza and killing its people, [they do that every election season to gain the support of their people](https://www.aljazeera.com/amp/news/2022/8/5/gazans-pawns-in-israeli-struggle-for-power-say-observers). These people like it and want more! Blood thirsty people! This is just unbelievable!
By that logic Israel is absolutely fine dropping a nuke on Gaza. Massacring unarmed civilians, children, from point blank, kidnapping literal babies, murdering parents in their homes in front of their children, is barbaric. These people should not be part of humanity’s future.
And the tourists? The international citizens? That german woman/tattoo artist who was obviously sexually assaulted, tortured, mudered and had her corpse paraded around as trophy of war? 
They didn't target just Israelis, they targeted everyone and anyone, and anyone who's supporting Hamas in this BS always misdirect's or can't answer that question, because this isn't a war of self-righteous vengeance, it's a terror war.
It's very, very clear this was a terrorist attack.
So murder people for their politics.  Good to know
You realize only 23% of votes went to Netanyahu’s party right? So almost 80% of those killed most certainly did not give a green light for this.  
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/2022_Israeli_legislative_election#:~:text=Legislative%20elections%20were%20held%20in,gains%20by%20the%20far%20right.
Which is irrelevant to yesterdays mass attacks.
War crimes don't justify war crimes
Israeli has done nothing but oppressing, harassing and illegally taking over more and more land 
they brought it on themselves
And now they will respond.  We all know how that will go.
Israel, the violent occupier, spends decades committing war crimes the Palestinian's, and this one instance of atrocious retribution causes your support to switch sides? Hamas' crimes against civilians these past days don't suddenly make Israel the good guy.
You can’t strip corpses of women and innocent civilians, parade them through the streets, mutilate the body, allow young people and children to participate in spitting on and brutalizing a course and get support. That’s now how it works — at least not in the 2020s
“one instance” lol. Were you literally born yesterday?
Ever since I actually opened a history book, my mind was set.
Israël existed before Palestine, like 4000 years before, Jews were building temples and living peacefully. They eventually got attacked by Romans and later by Arabs and were kicked out of their land. They wandered across Europe and the Middle East, they were persecuted and eventually victims of a genocide. In the meantime Arabs started inhabiting the region of Israël.
And now you see videos of elderly people being targeted by Palestinian terrorists, children being murdered. The actual war was started by the first Palestinian strike on Israel, the peace options were all refused by Palestine.
The land of  Judea  is the original name, Israel is the name of the modern state. There weren't just Jews in that area and many gods had been worshipped there not just the Jewish one. Israelis and Palestinians are genetically related they are semetic people one group has European admixtures the other has Arab admixtures so Palestinians have always been in the area they just interbred with different people and converted to Islam. Alot of that history you're sharing seems to be rooted in religious historical points of view instead of actual historical evidence and studies.
When Luke Skywalker and the Rebellion did it to the Empire, they were labelled heroes.
I don't recall them beating innocent civilians, raping women and cheering as they desecrates their corpses.
I think what's coming has been coming for a long time..
  Now that this been ignited, the USA and Israel will absolutely basically occupy the area and eventually clear it out..   it will all be bombed to hell, like what you see in Bhakmut , with no building left that's usable.
It will be determined that the civilians of Gaza are basically the same as the insurgency.
I don't know how they will do this, it will be a slow and steady show of media clips showing the Gazan inhabitants as basically one big insurgency.
Listening to the Israel Ambassadors on CNN, he just said" 17 years ago, Israel left the Gaza strip, and they didn't spend any money on anything but Terrorism"
They keep saying "Obliterate Hamas infrastructure".
This means to Obliterate  palestine.
Palestine shall be obliterated. And it needs to be.
Lol you mean the US army that lost to Afghanistan and the IDF that can't stand a few courageous soldiers. Haha you are funny, wait until you see Hezbollah military forces, unless you'll also " obliterate" Lebanon and start a world war 3.
Oh no! Anyway
They had a chance to peacefully integrate in 1948. Since then, it's been tit for tat, escalations, and ridiculous rhetoric. I don't care which religious zeitgeist group gets to carry on anymore. Y'all might as well just go full out after this much barking back and forth. Save the rest of the world the trouble and just pick a winner. Bombs and fire or words amd peace. Nobody is going to give sympathy anymore.
From the river to the sea always meant murder all the Israelis. Glad some people finally see it. Even the replies to OP show that sentiment. “Any means necessary” is what has happened over the last day and has honestly been happening since the 1920s
ITT in which reddit single-handedly stops supporting a colonized people living under a genocidal state because they decided to give Israel a taste of their own medicine. This is what fighting back looks like. Bunch of spineless Western liberals.
Username definitely checks out on this one.
No not really. I always distrusted the pro-Palestine sentiment since the day I saw Palestinian children on Gaza TV declare their desire to die as martyrs while killing Israelis (and Jews).
Not at all.  Palestinians are desperate they don't have the funds weapons, an army or anything really to fight back.  They are desperate.  Without irony the fight is David Vs Goliath.  Israel has oppressed them for decades. If any other nation commited to the war crimes, apartheid and breaking international law like Israel has done from decades would be stopped by international forces.  They have power and influence in other governments.  The Palestinian people have been abandoned by the world.  Settlers in international law are not considered civilians and attacking them is not a war crime.  I understand that desecrating the dead is inhumane, but under the circumstances of the treatment of Palestinians over the last hundred years a doubt I would act differently.  Every Palestinian likely knows numerous family members that have been treated inhumanly by the Israeli state.
Buddy u just justified everything Israel did and will do to Palestine
OP, I appreciate you sharing this and drawing attention to this significant factor, the targeting of civilians.  Thank you.
If someone from Canada or Mexico came onto my land that’s been in my family for generations, bulldozed my house and cut down my orchard, I’d have a desperate hatred in my heart too.
Please help us. Please tell our stories. What did I do to deserve it. My life is ruined. Please help us in Israel we're dying
7000 bulldozed Palestinian homes this year for settlers and you want to cry innocent lmao
Where were these tears for those being kicked out of their homes for foreigners?
Good luck Israel, we are rooting for you. Thank God for live recordings, clear to see Israel is being bullied by that one punk kid that immediately turns victim the second you stand up for yoursel,f. ck palestine and the people that support them.
 You deserve the ditch you created.
 ass
/u/FutureofWhiskey. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Wonder if Palestine would have more good faith if they hadnt sided with the reds during the war
I have yesterday, I could care less about both of them and I thought they were both guilty, they are both guilty but Palestinians are also crazy
crazy? what choice do they have? we have all the power here and have had it the entire time.
If you think this doesn't happen on all sides of every war, you're mistaken. But these are acts of terrorism, likely planned by Russia or Iran. The Palestinian people didn't step on anyone's bodies, but they're going to pull 100:1 bodies out of the rubble of Israeli air strikes and HE munitions before this is over. 
Either way, no one voted for this but the anger is real and you apparently understood that anger until you were triggered by the harsh realities of conflict between enemies... by people vile enough to be willing to give up their lives to take the lives of others.  
On both sides, civilians suffer. 
Im concerned that we're going to let the violence of terrorist tactics, justify a horrifying death toll of innocent civilians.
It's all just people, in the end. You have no more control over the conduct of the soldiers in your militaries. 
Don't spread the blame further than it belongs.
The people voted for Hamas to be their government while knowing the stated goal of Hamas is the complete destruction of Israel. So yes, they did vote for this.
I'm sure it's Russia by way of Iran. However, that's military and State. Israel is despicable for responding to Hamas targeting military bases and personnel by obliterating civilians. I have zero sympathy.
But the Israelis have been doing the exact same thing for so many years… how is it different?
No, haven’t changed.
It has been, it was and it is still unnecessary, sad, brutal and makes no sense. For noone.
Limited Violence creates more violence.
Total violence creates peace.
Peace creates creates peace.
We’ve seen all 3 play out in different areas of the world. We need to pick the 3rd option. Choose peace.
Not after what just happened. There won't be a ceasefire until the militants in Gaza are in the ground. 
There's a stark difference between civilian casualties and actively targeting civilians. Hamas has shown that their goal is to kill anyone, actively targeting men, women and children. 
They need to be destroyed.
This is such a complicated subject. It is incredibly interesting to me, I am a Canadian with no religious ties. I sympathize heavily with Jewish people and their continual oppression over the last few millennium.
After the 1947 UN backed partition plan of the British Mandate for Palestine, Arab Nations immediately declared war on Israel with the intend on seizing all of the newly formed Jewish State and the absolute rejection of the UN Partition Plan. One can argue that the lack of Arab consultation during the Partition Plan lead to its ultimate rejection among Arabs. Understand two things, firstly, the UK (which administered the Mandate for British Palestine prior to the 1947 Partition) was in a terrible economic and social condition from WW2 and thus eager to rid itself of the responsibility of administering what was rapidly turning into a warzone, and secondly Zionist movements were arguably more political organized and thus were able to advocate better for themselves at the UN, which are the time was mostly a European-dominated entity. These two aspects greatly reduced Arab, or non-jewish consultation during Partition Talks. I believe that this is one of reasons why Arab Nations, and the Arabs within partitioned Palestine/Israel decided to invade in 1947/1948. Again, the British had to decolonize their former holdings and just left, with all of their military (which were holding the peace) after the partition was finalized.
There are radical sects of both Arab/Palestine Nationalist groups and Zionist Nationalist groups. If you want a two state solution than these extremist/terrorist groups need to be dissolved or less the cycle of violence will just continue. These extremist political groups are the main barrier to a two state solution, there have been documented examples of extremist groups from both sides sabotaging peace talks. Radical sects like Hamas are the enemy of normalization, just as some far right zionist groups are. I have never seen this conflict as black and white, there are bad actors on both sides. 
Yesterday was awful, truly awful. I fully expect the IDF to invade Gaza and systematically root out Hamas. I think it is warranted as Hamas is the elected political party in Gaza. I am not sure what Israel will do with the inhabitants of Gaza, there are 2 million people there. Maybe it will be administered similarly to how the West Bank is. I think this will lead to a walking back of normalization of relations between other Middle Eastern Countries and Israel. Depending on the US's involvement, this could lead to another 1973 energy crisis. Though I am not sure how likely that is, but it is possible. 
I think as time goes on, it becomes less and less likely of a two state solution. I think it is the best solution still. Hamas does not represent the collective Palestinian opinion, it is a fringe extremist group. I do think it is inevitable that Palestinians (especially in Gaza) will radicalize and the cycle will continue unless something changes. However, is compromise something that people are interested in, I am talking from both sides. I don't think so.
If people are interested in this subject, I would highly recommend listening to the Matyrmade Podcast series on the history of Palestine/Israel leading up to 1947. Its incredibly detailed with differing historical accounts, decently neutral (maybe some bias towards Israel). Its incredibly gripping. 
https://podcasts.apple.com/us/podcast/the-martyrmade-podcast/id978322714
Isreal has committed atrocities for years and we very rarely hear about it. That doesn’t and never will make what Hamas is doing right, but human lives are human lives regardless of religion or race. It would be nice if we got equal condemnation when atrocities are committed by BOTH sides.
Every country that has ever picked up weapons and walked into a foreign territory has raped and murdered innocent people. All of europe is guilty of it. America too. The middle east, all of asia, africa. Everybody. That doesnt mean the people back home are monsters
That's the result of illegal occupation but what Hamas did was pure terrorism. This event don't change my mind about the illegal occupation but that doesn't mean I support Hamas action. If this event changes your mind  then you don't see the whole picture.
Well, it’s about goddamn time.
Honestly this is a debate between a giant douche and a turd sandwhich if you ask me.
Yes somehow innocent jews get murdered and we’re still considered bad guys. This could and historically only happens to jews
While not going too deeply into this what you've said is basically a longwinded
"I know you've been bullied but it's not OK to hit back"
Thats stupid, nothing justifies what hamas has done
No
Ok. But you do realise this is Hamas and not Palestinians right?
Hamas is an extension of Palestine, just like any other military around the world is an extension of the country's people
The Palestinians voted for Hama's...
It’s not Palestinians. Just the government that they elected and still overwhelmingly support.
Of course, the Palestinian people who are celebrating the dead innocents on the streets are a thing to, but we won’t talk about that
Israel has a whole PsyOps campaign running right now dedicated to tainting the minds of the public. Don't be a sheep and notice the pattern. The Palestinians are the oppressed and have uprisen. Plain and simple. Fuck Israel and their greedy Zionist agenda.
Agree with you 100% however Hamas has benefited from this distinction far too long to keep safe while hiding behind human shields knowing Israel couldn’t or wouldn’t kill civilians knowingly
From what I understand Palestinians living in Gaza majority support Hamas, and probably do in the West Bank as well. These people knew exactly what Hamas meant when they said they wanted to kill all the Jews, and haven’t done anything to offer an alternative to Hamas as an administrator of a free Palestine. 
Hamas are the ones who are willingly offering up Gaza as sacrifice. 
And to Pro-Palestinian supporters around the globe, I NEVER saw condemnation of Hamas or recognition that they are part of the problem and an impediment to peace. They were always freedom fighters and victims against the unilateral tyrant of Israel 
This is the bed they’ve unfortunately made for themselves. And now that Hamas has so willingly shown the rest of the world exactly what Israel has been trying to say the bill is coming due
It’s unimaginably unfortunate for everyday Palestinians. But when you elect and support a terrorist organization there are going to be consequences when they carry out an attack exponentially worse than 9/11 on a per capita basis
So you’re reacting the exact way the media wants you to. Are you just going to forget about all the videos of Israelis bulldozing Palestinian houses? Beating women and children? Killing kids just playing?
It’s wild that videos showing Hamas lashing out is enough for you to totally forget about all the harm Israel has done
Lashing out? You mean murdering and raping women? A whole bunker full of children and women beheaded? You deserve to be put down doggy.
The Israelis ethnically cleansed Gaza of Jews almost 20 years ago in an act of goodwill.
The thanks they got was a barrage of rockets, and a build up of terror networks and tunnels. Gaza could have turned itself into another Singapore or Dubai, but they chose religious fanaticism, persecuting women for witchcraft, sectarianism, and jihadist fatalism.
yeaaa that's what I asked on a recent thread, both sides are extremely wrong here. Hamas with the invasion recently, and Israelis treatment towards Palestinians in the past years!
And who's suffering? The innocent people caught in-between ffs
No, I have not. Hamas does not represent all Palestinians. Thinking they do is the same islamophobia that was rampant in the US after 9/11 when people acted like Al-Qaeda represented all Muslims. Hamas has obviously done some horrible horrible things. They need to be stopped. But they do not represent all Palestinians
Israel also isn’t innocent. They have bullied  Palestine for 75 years. They have done a lot of awful things during that time. They have filled wells that Palestinians used for water with concrete, they have raided mosques for no reason. They have committed war crimes against them. For example: in 2009 Israel used white phosphorus against civilians in Gaza. If you don’t know, white phosphorus is an incendiary munition. When it contacts air, not only does it ignite, but it immediately covers everything in smoke. In addition to the burning it can also cause brain injuries, but it also sticks to skin and clothes. The use of it near civilians is illegal and therefore it is a war crime to use it like Israel did. And now they’re killing Palestinian civilians just like Hamas is doing
Neither side in this is even remotely innocent. Hamas absolutely needs to go, but Israel also needs to cease what they’ve done. Only then can peace talks between Palestinians and Israelis happen
Free Palestine
Hamas just commited more atrocities in 24 hrs than Israel has in 50 years
Most everything you just mentioned against Israel is sensationalized propaganda.
we should differentiate between hamas and palestine
lol thats like saying differentiate between the Nazis and Germans. Who tf do you think the hamas are and are supported by?
There is no need to differentiate. Palestinians all over the world, not only in Gaza and West Bank, but also in the US, UK, Canada and Europe, are celebrating the massacre of 300 Jews. They are passing out candy gleefully knowing that Jews were murdered for their cause. 
&#x200B;
Let's not forget, Palestinians elected Hamas by majority. Even in the West Bank, which is supposedly more moderate, those elected leaders may wear suits, but they pay millions to terrorists every year to murder innocent Jews. Hamas and the Palestinian movement have the same goals - eradicating the Jewish state and violent means to achieve it. Polls of Palestinians show this over 70% support terrorism and over 70% support suicide bombers.
&#x200B;
The Palestinian movement is not concerned with human rights or statehood. Western leftists are too stupid that they actually fall for the guise. 80% of the British Mandate is now Jordan. The Palestinian is an Antisemitic death cult. Their goal is to eradicate Israel.
You mean those palastinians that were cheering and dancing in the streets while desecrating corpses of women and children.
Putin and Russians, Hitler and Germans.  
Still when it comes to fighting it would be easy if it was just one maniac. The problem is that an entire society follows them. Gaza is a Hamas state and fighting Hamas means war with Gaza.
Israel has and will kill at least x10 more Palestinians than Israeli’s killed.
Hamas is launching rockets from schools, and where residents lived.  The return fire is going to have collateral damage.   If they were real fighters, they would face the Israel army head on.  Hamas is a group of cowards, who murder and rape civilians.  They deserve a trip to heaven and to be virgins for the Ayatollahs.
One man's terrorist is another man's freedom fighter.
Terrorism is always bad.
Hamas is a terrorist organisation and should not exist.
Israel is a terrorist state and should not exist.
Civilians of both sides are paying the price for decade after decade of horrendous actions on both sides.
Jerusalem and the holy sites should be managed by the UN and 2 states formed excluding these areas.  
Any further terrorist activity or land grabs by either side should result in complete removal of autonomy of both states.
Agreed.
Hamas is not Palestine.
2 states formed
Israel is a terrorist state and should not exist.
Which one is it? There are states actively involved in way worse than anything Israel is doing, and no one is calling for those states to be dissolved. 
Do I think Israel is innocent of any wrongdoing? Fuck no of course not. But I'd way rather have a liberal democracy in control of that land than hamas or any of the other options.
Remember, the world isn't a fun place where, left to the natural order, people would get along and live in peace. Humans at scale tend to be rather destructive and hateful. Israel is the practical choice for anyone in favor of progressive democracies worldwide. Or we could have another islamist regime take power.
Both sides are horrible, killing innocent non combatants, children, and the elderly, let us not forget the rapes, assaults, and destruction of homes.
They do this over land and use religion as an excuse.  
If I was made to choose a side it would be Israel, as they seem the lesser of two evils.  But make no mistake their government is still evil.
The world would be such a much better place without religion, all this division  and hatred around whose version of a mythical sky daddy is correct is barbaric.
So you’re just going to ignore all the sadistic killings from the Israeli side, in greater magnitude that created Hamas and only focus on the much smaller Palestinian killings?
I keep it very very short : you reap what you sow
Israel has been killing innocent Palistinian kids women old for.75 years but never showed on Tvs and media they taking kids as presoners no one talks, kicking Palestinians out of their houses and demolish them to build resettlmemts for their people and no one talks.
What do you expect the reaction.
What Hamas did is about time to stand for their rights and dignity 
Finally don't believe what the Israelis are saying .
What Hamas did is about time to stand for their rights and dignity Finally don't believe what the Israelis are saying .
Standing for their rights means going to a Desert rave and murdering people? We dont have to believe anything considering there's videos plastered everywhere.
Nobody supports killing the innocent... yet that's what Israhell has been doing for so long... if it took you so long to realize so then.. no need to realize anything
i've been skeptical of both sides. but was leaning more towards the palestinian side as i recall hearing about several young people on the birthright israel state funded trip chose to leave it in favor of supporting local palestinians and seeking the truth of occupied palestine, not israeli propaganda. and definitely not extremist propaganda
Narrator: "he was lying, he was always on the Israeli Defense Force"
 No, but I've understood being libertarian, that they would imprison or kill many on usa's right for being extremely left.
America is only right really of the western Europe and maybe Australia
I shouldn't be commenting because I'm someone who believes in Freedom, peace. But it seems like peace doesn't exist when there are 2 different beliefs. 
My question is killing slowly over time better or Showing all the anger at once of being the victims for decades better?  
I mean, what's the solution?  Why is it happening?
I believe both parties deserve to live in peace, but not when one is taking over another wrongfully and then claiming it's theirs. 
 "33,000 Palestinian children have been killed by
bombs, gunfire, and more since 2008. Do their lives not matter?" 
How many death tolls would it be over decades? And what if Palestine counts up Men and Women deaths over decades?  
Is it not the desperate anger ? 
Idk, I really don't want to see all this,  I wish I had the power to do something for Both Parties. 
"The narrative of Israel being under attack is misleading. No one condones violence. Palestine has been under attack, and the media and most of the world stayed silent."
But what is the best way to handle this situation?
No lmao
Dont be so naive
100% with Israel. There would be peace in the area if Hamas and the Palestinians would cease fire. Israel wants peace.
Than they would evict people out of there homes like they do in the westbank.
Good for you OP! You’re doing the right thing!
We The people horrified living under this terror appreciate your support! They’re not fighting for land, they got all of Gaza in 2005. They’re fighting to commit genocide as best as they can
Do not confuse Palestinian civilians with Hamas.
Palestine: Hamas is our de facto Leader!
Hamas goes to show they are terrorist
Palestine: Ugh… They are not acting for us!
This! There's terorist Hamas on one side and racist zionists on the other. With millions of innocent people stuck between them.
Palestinian civilians support Hamas. They're complicit.
Act.IL (also Act-IL) is a social networking service used by supporters of Israel to oppose online "anti-Israel content" such as the boycott, divestment and sanctions movement (BDS). Its activities have been referred to as "an online propaganda campaign."
I feel bad for you, i really do ...
Both sides suck. You can recognize that this was the expected outcome of Israel's policies. That doesn't, in fact, mean you have to hand it to a bunch of suicidal Islamic zealots. The fact that the expected thing happened again doesn't change the (or at least my) assessment of the issue.
I normally hate the phrase "but both sides suck", but I this case it is 100% true. Everyone involved has done fucked up shit and has innocent blood on their hands. Everyone except for the civilians that will undoubtedly get murdered on both sides.
This is what happens when people get backed in to a corner. The most extreme lash out. It hasn’t changed my perspective, but it is going to make things really bad for innocent Palestinians
Yeah i dont think putting people in a corner is a justification for these acts idiot
Israel has more backing than ever. Palestine is about to get rolled by Israel.
Despite the country I am from, I'm neutral.
I hope Israel catches the Hamas terrorists and imprisons them and tries them for war crimes. I hope ordinary Palestinians don't suffer too much in whatever happens next. 
The whole situation depresses me. Is there any kind of solution for this conflict?
The solution is to actually do what we were blamed for for years
You can hear the hive mind approaching. 
It’s subtle at first, you can’t really tell what the noise is. 
As is approaches its intended target you can hear “Zionists! Apartheid State! Occupiers! Waaaah waaaah! When you fight for your freedom murdering civilians and everything else is on the table!”
For every action, there is an equal but opposite reaction.There will be a lot of suffering on both sides😒
The history of Israel covers an area of the Southern Levant also known as Canaan, Palestine or the Holy Land, which is the geographical location of the modern states of Israel and Palestine. From a prehistory as part of the critical Levantine corridor, which witnessed waves of early humans out of Africa, to the emergence of Natufian culture c. 10th millennium BCE, the region entered the Bronze Age c. 2,000 BCE with the development of Canaanite civilization, before being vassalized by Egypt in the Late Bronze Age. In the Iron Age, the kingdoms of Israel and Judah were established, entities that were central to the origins of the Jewish and Samaritan peoples as well as the Abrahamic faith tradition.This has given rise to Judaism, Samaritanism, Christianity, Islam, Druzism, Baha'ism, and a variety of other religious movements. Throughout the course of human history, the Land of Israel has come under the sway or control of various polities, and as a result, it has historically hosted a wide variety of ethnic groups.
In the following centuries, the Assyrian, Babylonian, and Persian Empires conquered the region. The Ptolemies and the Seleucids vied for control over the region during the Hellenistic period. However, with the establishment of the Hasmonean dynasty, the local Jewish population maintained independence for a century before being incorporated into the Roman Republic.As a result of the Jewish-Roman Wars in the 1st and 2nd centuries CE, many Jews were killed, displaced or sold into slavery.Following the advent of Christianity, which was adopted by the Greco-Roman world under the influence of the Roman Empire, the region's demographics shifted towards newfound Christians, who replaced Jews as the majority of the population by the 4th century. However, shortly after Islam was consolidated across the Arabian Peninsula under Muhammad, Byzantine Christian rule over the Land of Israel was superseded by the Arab conquest of the Levant in the 7th century. From the 11th century to the 13th century, the Land of Israel became the centre for intermittent religious wars between Christian and Muslim armies as part of the Crusades. In the 13th century, the Land of Israel became subject to the Mongol invasions and conquests, though these were locally routed by the Mamluk Sultanate, under whose rule it remained until the 16th century. The Mamluks were eventually defeated by the Ottoman Empire, and the region became an Ottoman province until the 20th century.
The late 19th century saw the widespread consolidation of a Jewish nationalist movement known as Zionism, as part of which aliyah (Jewish return to the Land of Israel from the diaspora) increased. During World War I, the Sinai and Palestine campaign of the Allies led to the partitioning of the Ottoman Empire. Britain was granted control of the region by League of Nations mandate, in what became known as Mandatory Palestine. The British government publicly committed itself to the creation of a Jewish homeland. Arab nationalism opposed this design, asserting Arab rights over the former Ottoman territories and seeking to prevent Jewish migration. As a result, Arab–Jewish tensions grew in the succeeding decades of British administration.
Israel was never Palestines in the first place. People need to look at history before making assumptions. If they would just stop trying to fucking attack Isreal and try to use a diplomatic approach everyone would get somewhere. I'm so over this shit both countries need to stop and think about the people.
 fucking
/u/Igotthekeys2. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Hundreds of ancient peoples and civilisations have lost their former territory. By your logic you’re now calling for Sioux, Navajo and Cherokee Indians to start arming themselves and killing Americans in every city and town across the United States. 
I’d like to see you make an argument for the expulsion of European settlers on a sub like r/USA
And let’s be clear- the Native American claim on the land is **far** older and far more justified than the return of Jewish people to Palestine in the 20th century.
For the past 1,500 years Jewish people were never even remotely the major population in the region. In fact they were virtually non-existent there.
My position is simple
Free Palestinians but Eradicate HAMAS
You can’t free Palestine without destroying the IDF, which just so happens to be a large chunk of the civilian population, no one has ever stopped a genocide without committing what most would consider to be barbaric acts
Welcome to war. Not sure what you thought war was but its not nearly as noble as the movies would have you believe.
Ask yourself, why do Western media and all Western political members say the same thing "Israel have the absolute right to defend itself".  The question that this completely shuts down, the topic of conversation this eliminates is this "Why does Israel have to defend itself"   If you think it is reasonable and fair to imprison a civilian population approx 2.5 million in a tiny strip of land, prevent anyone from leaving or entering, no water, no electricity, no GDP, mass employment.  What do you. Think the people of Gaza would feel?  And then they continue to break the agreement, and encroach on Palestinian land and build illegal settlements. Israel are expanding to suit them and engaging in genocide in Gaza.
Ok so that justifies a full military assault on a bunch of people dancing at a music festival?
Now do your glowing Iran narrative
You have got to be the most naive person on Earth, up there with the flat earthers and anti vaxxers.
Go watch decades worth of atrocities comitted by israel and its people agaisnt the Palestinians. 
Israel is non ironically a neo nazi state.
Didn't take long for the Nazi word to come out.
The only people I see flaunting civilians in the streets and raping women are the ones you’re defending.
Saying you changed your mind implies you had chosen a side before. In this conflict there is no good guys. Just 2 sides constantly escalating tensions and violence and innocent civilian victims caught in the middle.
Israel has always been disproportionately heavy handed with Hamas and has always shown a disregard for civilian lives. At the same time, Hamas could easily have easily taken the moral high ground and used PR and diplomacy to put pressure on Israel, yet instead they do stupid horrific bullshit like this which will result in scores of dead civilians on both sides at the end of it.
Leadership on both sides are blood thirsty lunatics and I don't see how any of it can get better as long as that arrangement keeps up.
 bullshit
/u/lowpowerftw. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Hamas has used Palestinian civilians as human shields. I don't think Israeli forces go and look to kill and rape civilians.
Hamas launches missiles from heavily populated areas for a reason. Because when Israel attacks back, and targets these launchers, civilians are caught in the crossfire and Hamas/Palestine gains worldwide PR points. It's a well documented tactic by Hamas. They even have their headquarters underground in civilian buildings. From what I've read, Israel always announces and warns citizens to move because they are bombing the place.
Sure they haven't been perfect and are part of the evil of the area, but they have not shown complete disregard for civilian lives. Especially relative to Hamas. But even objectively they try to minimize it. But Hamas forces Israel to bomb heavily populated areas.
What's really gonna wiggle your noodle is the idea that Israeli intelligence most likely knew this was coming and just let it happen.
youre such an idiot. you seriously have no idea what youre talking about. but yeah keep talking about it with confidence. what a retard
Now that is a conspiracy theory that actually makes sense. 
The issue is if it ever came out that theyd intentionally let hamas do this the government would be ended. (Israelis and US support).  
And it’s incredibly difficult to keep a secret like this forever - SOMEONE in the massive intelligence apparatus would blow a whistle over such an intentional act. 
Which means this conspiracy is just that, and very likely unfounded.
Wow, just blew my mind. People on the interwebs have the best takes. Waiting for the next Q drop. 
/s
Lol no, shill. 
I still support Palestine
Who just started a war by wanton mass murder and ape, so good luck!
https://preview.redd.it/4zyxf47571tb1.jpeg?width=1200&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=3b64fdb8e545e23d27d1f0ec1a7f839d64bf381a
I’ll just put that here
What do you expect, exactly?
1. Hamas Leaders are hiding in hospitals and high buildings
2. The area is incredibly dense
3. Israel is just that much stronger, but should they be leveling the playfield because the enemy is weaker? Would you not punch a kid who’s trying to stab you with a knife?
Most people would agree with you... unless they are Muslim. 
Muslims like to stand up for other Muslims no matter what they do, that is of course if those Muslims need help and want to come and live in their country, then they treat them like trash and would prefer anything else to that.
So they kinda agree - as shown by their (lack of) actions - but they just won’t say it
My position on how I feel about humans and zombies has not changed. If you feel like all-Palestinians or all-Israelis or any peoples deserve death - you're a zombie. There are innocent people being caught up in this that just want to live life and give the world love. They don't deserve this. They didn't decades ago. Not ever. It's not just events of this week. Inhumanity at many scales have been occurring every day.
Nope.  There is only settler colonial state that has implemented Apartheid, embraced race Supremacism, and operates an illegal occupation of a people for 75 years. That is Israel. Their criminality and violence escalates with every year and their victims keep on increasing every year. White Supremacist juggling will always be irrelevant in a moral equation and defenders of Israel will always fall on the immoral side.
From the river to the sea, Palestine will be free.
I’m gonna be honest here and say probably not. Palestine now is going to exist as much as Yugoslavia exists today..
Propaganda is strong.
Free Palestine
No sympathy for Palestine, never had, I love history so I have always known about the double face the Palestinian authority wants to sell to the world, good thing is that they dropped the good guy act, now comes time for some good old testament divine retribution.
Hamas is a terrorist organization. Enough said
No. These particular incidents by Hamas are horrific and unjustified where the killings of women and children are concerned, but they're not "unprovoked." Years of ethnic cleansing, blockade, pogroms on Palestinian towns, desecration of Palestinian sacred sites, daily raids into Palestinian homes, bulldozing of Palestinian homes for illegal settler fanatics, constant humiliation and degradation of an entire people, continuous kidnappings and killings of Palestinian children from babies through teens.
The cause of a Free Palestine remains right and just.
what will Israel do next? There's no more Palestinian land left to take.
they could completly annex the gaza strip
Plenty of civilians to kill if they have to resort to it. They will wipe out the entire nation
They're planning on fully taking control of it
Israel should give the people of Gaza 48 hours to evacuate and then level the entire city unless all hostages are returned unharmed.
Genocide.
No. Still support for two state solution.
I'd love to know how you suggest convincing the Palestinians about that.
Why?
You're absolutely wrong. That land IS their native land. Israel was created in 1948. That land was annexed from Palestine and given to Eastern European refugees by NATO. The US is the only reason they are there. The Israelis abuse those Palestinian people and those Palestinian people have every right to fight for THEIR home. Don't be fooled by the propaganda of the NATO powers. This is exactly the same shit that's happening in Ukraine and Taiwan.
When you clearly don't know history...
You're absolutely wrong.
NATO didn't exist until AFTER Israel was founded.
How is it the same? Last I checked Ukranian soldiers weren't running through the streets of Moscow massacring Russian civilians indiscriminately and parading around the corpses of their dead women.
Judea never existed. Funny
 shit
/u/8ght7vn. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
I think you mean the UN, not NATO.  NATO did not exist in 1948.
Edit: yeah you have some weird ideas in here guy
No, Israel apartheid state must drop down.
Palestine terrorist state must burn down.
One finger of the monkey's paw curls...
As a person of South African heritage - stfu. This is not apartheid!
It's just sickening that this is all happening because two peoples can't get past their always-at-odds invisible, all-powerful gods. 
Religion is at the root of this. Jews vs Muslim.
And neither of them can even prove their god exists.
It's sad that any god would create such vicious, stupid people.
Israel is 40 percent secular and not even entirely Jewish. Palestinians have the second highest rate of Sharia law support on earth and probably the highest martyr culture support. This isn't religion at the root of this. It's the 21st century vs the dark ages. It's being willing to trade 1000 terrorists for the life of one civilian vs valuing death over everything.
It's developing a roof knocking system to minimize civilian casualties vs massacring a music festival of civilians aimed at peace with Palestinians. 
Don't try to create a false equivalency. They're in no way equal.
Being stupid is prerequisite for believing in god, so there you are…
This is about land, power and identity..not religion. In fact Gerusalem and the whole Lebanon has christian and Muslim living together.
HAMAS didn't commit even quarter of the crimes that IDF did in the last 75 years or so. If you think this is horrific, then, just Google "Palestinian children gaza". So, if you're trying to play the peaceful, sensitive, empathetic person role, you would have sympathized with Palestinians long long time ago, but this role doesn't suit you so quit it, if you please.
Only one side wants rape and genocide. Just stop.
Justifying the murder of civilians with the murder of innocent civilians is a terrible argument
"You should have sided with us after we constantly invade, rape, murder *anyone* who we perceive as our enemy! What's wrong with you?!" 
There's a stark difference between a formal war, and a terror war. Shooting college kids at a rave, beheading children, raping and abducting girls & woman? Wake up. 
And before you go off "BuT ISrEaL Is WoRSe!" I suggest googling "hamas using civilians as human shields", or even better "hamas regularly builds bases under hospitals", so we can all get a clear picture of how hamas uses/creates civilian casualties as way to garnish faux-support.
Oh you mean how Palestine and the arabs tried to exterminate Israel.
It's a wonder they were still allowed to exist until now.
Oh look another one defending rape and murder
When will people learn to hardline Muslims all people who aren’t Muslim are dirty kuffars. In their religion it’s ok to rape, kill or mistreat infidels. This includes selling them heroin, rape or murder. The UK has problems with Asian grooming gangs. Australian women are constantly harassed by Sudanese men. What’s happening in Israel is the anniversary of the 50 years war. Clerics have been preaching this for years. Wake up. You are not human or subhuman to these people. Jewish people have it the hardest and now you see mostly Arab men targeting women and children. These are not warriors, these people are brainwashed just like the rest of the world consuming legacy media propaganda. Wake up
Both are dickheads but I'll side with Israel even though they have a land grabbing habit. 
Biggest dickhead of em all is UK so yeah.
And that way at least we keep islam further away from governance. They cant handle it.
 dickheads
/u/NotSureBoutDaWeather. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
I used to support Israel until I saw how they treat Palestinians like shit, arresting, or outright murdering them for no reason.
The fascist regime there needs to change. War is not the answer, though.
The angry people within Hamas need to go as well.
Anger? That’s what we’re seeing in those videos?
 shit
/u/SupplyChainGuy1. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
I mean, what did you expect? Decades of oppression, rape, random killings, and what’s basically genocide committed by the Israeli’s on colonized land and you just expect them to take that this entire time??? I hope Palestine wins.
The problem is that it's not an Israel- Palestine conflict; the land of Palestine is for Palestinians and they only have the right to defend their land at all costs while there is no place for a Jewish or Israel state; Israel is only an oppressive terrorist entity backed up by the US.
The Jews were in that area long before the Romans named the area Palestine.
It's just the Palestinians follow traditional Muslim law that if you capture a territory, it is entitled to you forever.
Israel offered the Palestinian government a two state deal which would recognize Palestinian sovereignty.
For some WEIRD REASON, the Palestinian government declined. Seems like the Palestinian government would rather be a "victim of Israel" than actually do it's job serving the Palestinian people. Very curious.
Troll,
That is a stupid take. You just reverse roles from zionists
Your avatar has strong Hasidim vibes for a username that reads Ghilas -- which is an Algerian/Berber surname.
Just out of interest; Which side do you think kills more innocent civilians?
Just because one side is bad at it doesn't make them justified
"If you're not careful, the newspapers will have you hating the people being oppressed, and loving those doing the oppressing"
~Malcolm X
Exactly, the people are now waking up from the Pallywood propaganda and seeing what Hamas is really like.
This feels like a pro-Israel post disguised as one that's trying to be indifferent. 
There's a wave of violence moreso against one side, but that doesn't mean there hasn't been decades of oppression and genocide against the other. The bigger picture is more expansive than you care to consider. If you're too lazy to regularly keep up with the dispute, and find yourself only being affected when you hear about it in popular media, your opinion and even your feelings on the subject are not significant and don't matter. Move on.
What would Hamas have to do for you to denounce them?
This post gives an opportunity for people to express opinions like yours. I came to this post to hear opinions from both sides.
Hamas. Not civilians from Palestine. They want to live as Israelis. It is just sad. Hamas burried their (any) hopes. Israel isn't without fault - aggresive politics and not giving breath.
I think you ignore the ultraconservative part of Palestine. They think this is "cihad". They want a revenge for the land they sold in the past. Sorry, but this is not about confession.  This is politics. No confession, you have to defend your land and your flag. Btw I'm not Israeli.
Israel is propped up nonsense.  I don't really care either way but we shouldn't provide near the support we have to that garbage country.
The Balfour declaration gave Israel 51%. They've done nothing but kill to take what they have now. Go back to the little kids table.
Uhh, didn’t the arabs start attacking the jews after the Balfour declaration?
This is what the fight for freedom and against occupation looks like.
Armed resistance is the only way for Palestinians in this situation.
The UN and so called "neutral brokers" did nothing to end the illegal occupation and Israeli terrorism against the Palestinian population. In fact it only got worse.
According to your logic Ukraine doesn't have the right to defend itself.
Bro, you really cannot make 2+2.  
For you is ok to rape, kill children, women and many other civillian BECAUSE Israel did something terrible?
I support palestine, but I don't support killing civilians in a concert and parading their dead bodies online. 
That is not fighting for freedom. We didn't do that in Northern Ireland when we had struggles in the past. 
Would Ukraine do such things, or is that more of a putin move?
"Fight for freedom" by killing hundreds of people who were having a party in the desert
The Arabs chose violence over diplomacy in 1948. When you are willing to use violence to get your way, you have to be willing to accept the consequences of defeat. The Palestinians have tried and failed so many times for independence, it’s tough to feel sorry for them. They are a defeated people, and history has never been kind to defeated people. Nothing out of the ordinary is happening here, it’s a tale as old as civilization. 
They aren’t fighting against an occupation anymore, that was what the 1948 war was all about. They lost, then lost 7 more times afterwards. The nation is now Israel, nothing Palestine can do will ever change that. The Palestinians are refugees without a home.
Nah
Im pretty uninformed to things that happen out of a few core countries, but the local sjp-like groups have made sure i knew how evil palestine is. 
Only thing that changed was that I just viewed it as something happening on the other side of the world but now I see that my neighbors on the street cheering are part of a terrorist group
Of course terrorists are wrong. How does that make Israel’s treatment of Palestinians right?
It doesn't. The terrorists are a product of their environment; radicalized on a mission.
The division runs deep, and conflict in this region is centuries old. Hopefully, the main parties will come to an agreement without too much bloodshed.
No.  And I'll tell you why.  Israel is stepping up their settlement practices, which means forcefully evicting Palestinians from their homes, and moving in Israeli extremists.  They then abuse the Palestinians.
This is NOT condoning what the Palestinian terrorists have done.  But I guarantee that if Mexicans were dragging Texans out of their homes, abusing them, and then "settling" their towns, most of the people writing posts like this would be 100% behind those fighting to keep their homes.
Putinyahoo has consolidated the "Conservative" powerbase, and promised to *increase* these actions.  Not to mention the insanely undemocratic move of moving towards gimping the courts to protect himself from criminal conviction.  How so many people living in a Democracy are so enamored with criminals is beyond me.  But I digress.
I don't condone attacks on civilians in any conflict, but when one group is literally dragging families out of their homes to move in their own religious extremists, I have a hard time sympathizing with them when they get attacked, especially when it's a democracy.  It's incredibly bizarre to think you can vote in a government that will continually commit abuse a people, and then be shocked when they fight back.  Ultimately, it's the people on both sides, not the powerful, but in a Democracy, the people bear responsibility for their government.  
No doubt this will get me banned from what seems like an agenda based sub, but whatever.
I disagree, Palestinians have been being killed and slaughtered and shot and murdered for the past couple decades by Israeli soldiers, you think if Jews in WW2 got AK47's and bombs they would try and fight humanely? Fck all that, I support terrorizing the Zionists into rethinking their life choices, war is not pretty, we are not doing this for fun, we have suffered too long, this is only the beginning imo and I totally support it. You think a Palestinian soldier who had his father or brother shot and killed by the Israeli military for absolutely no reason is not going to decapitate and spit on an Israeli militant he just shot? Tbh you are delusional if you think after everything Palestinians went through that we are going to handle war humanely, we are gonna handle it the same way Ukrainians are handling Russians invading their land, brutally and mercilessly. Plus in the Bible says that on of the biggest signs of the end of the world is the Palestinian Israeli conflict and in the Quran it says that one of the very last signs of the end of the world is when Palestinians win the war, so regardless of how we do it, we will eventually win, even if we lose 75% of our population from getting massacred by Israelis in the process.
I don't understand how in all wars ever, the victims get to brutally massacre their oppressors but when Arabs do it, it becomes terrorism, you are racist, plain and simple. I never heard anyone say native Indians are terrorists for decapitating the English.
OK cool, so no peace is possible.
Then it's war and I obviously want my side to win then I support the total destruction of Gaza.
Both sides are pieces of shit excuses for human.  Both have done horrible things and will do horrible things for the next 2000 years.
 shit
/u/Dull_Summer8997. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
No. I always hated Israel.
Why do you hate Israel?
So if I show you 30 videos of Israeli, settler violence against Palestinians on their land, in their homes, in their places of worship, would that bring you back to the center of this issue? What if I showed you 300 videos of Israeli crimes against Palestinians? Would videos of dead women and children, civilians be more effective?
How about videos of Israelis cheering the bombing of Gaza? Or settlers handing out sweets as Palestinian villages burn?
Something tells me if videos of violence has swayed you on this issue, then you were never paying attention in the first place.
Israel has been on a land grab since the 40's. They want the land the Palestinians have because it's much better. So they justify stealing from them with the idea that they're somehow religiously, or morally owed that land. And how does a population fight against an adversary that has a much bigger, and better equipped military? With terrorism, because it's their only defense. And is it terrorism when they're fighting back? Not to me. I'm no fan of Islam, or religion of any sort for that matter. But I am a fan of live and let live.
So you want me to see my side doing bad shit no no no only the other side is wrong
No I am still very anti Israel. This is a tiny taste of what they so to Palestine in peace.
Not a single bit. We've been telling Israel this is what will happen if they continue their oppressive and sadistic tactics of imprisoning 2 million people baselessly, and they never listened. We told Israel demolishing homes in Jerusalem to build a dumb park is inhumane and will lead to further injustice, and they never listened. This was all avoidable, Israel never wanted to avoid it and establish a singular fair and equal democracy for all indigenous residents, and this is the outcome. No justice = no peace.
I am vehemently against the killing and torture of civilians, but you can't tell me decolonization happens when you're negotiating with your captors and oppressors with no legs to stand on. That's a bad faith argument. The path to peace is through resistance. The path to peace is through true equality. The path to peace is through abolishing the apartheid Israeli government, the rabid Hamas government, and the spineless PLO.
Word for word I agree with you.
Yeah, nothing says decolonization like killing 600 random people at a music festival and then parading their bodies around.
I mean having videos of Hamas members showing young girls as war trophies and sex slaves, real screams "DECOLONIZATION!"
I haven't seen many of the videos thankfully. Some of the terrorists did not look Palestinian though, kind of Somalian or something, anyone notice that?
Why doesn't the US carve out a small piece of land and give it to Jewish people (instead of Israel)?
zionism isnt about jews getting some land just any place. Jews are originally from palestine, we are indigenous there.
Why don’t they do it and give it to Palestinians who don’t have and never had a country?
We have plenty, thanks.
I still support the right of Palestine to exist which is being denied by Israel. Israel has committed countless war crimes, what Hamas are doing against civilians is also a war crime. I'm against war crimes and killing civilians and will always be no matter who does it. The occupation is wrong, it's illegal and the whole world knows it. The fact Hamas is acting like this is terrible but it doesn't change the fact that the occupation is wrong
You know that there is a possibility for no occupation and coexistence right?
Why do you think israel is holding them on a tight leash? Why didn’t the whole occupation situation didn’t change by other world nations? Why are there blockades and checkpoints? Or Military every where you go in West Bank?
For the innocent civilians dying in Gaza, do you know why they are dying by Israeli attacks? Because hamas storage their weapons under hospitals, inside schools, in people’s private homes and they threat the people that if they go outside they’ll kill them… what’s even more than that, the Israeli military warns them, by phone and fliers, that they are going to bomb this very specific building and asking them to get out of it so no innocent will get hurt (give me one army in the world that does that, one), and there’s the roof knocking too… I’m not coming at you or something like that, but I just can’t stand hearing the “committed war crimes” anymore, yes these are war crimes, but it is not Israel’s fault and not just it’s not their fault they do everything they can to make sure no innocent get involved
Palestine is NOT Hamas. The people you supported two days ago are still in hell and are now open season.
Not disagreeing but this point is going to fall on a lot of deaf ears in the wake of the videos showing common people celebrating the bodies on the streets.
They are, there is a reason that Abbas hasn't held an election in 15 years and its because they don't want Hamas in control of the West Bank
But Hamas is all Palestinian people. And their are literal videos of these Hamas praising god while cutting off the heads of civilians. That is sick death cult shit and not a new problem for the faith.
You saw the videos they wanted you to see & had the change of 'hearts & minds' they wanted you to have.   There are brutal videos of both sides.   Neither side is "innocent"
Palestinian's goal has always been ethnic cleansing of Jews, which is why their slogan is "from the river to the sea." That's why Palestinian's elected Hamas.
Jewish Israelis only want their home back that was taken from them as there is nowhere else for them to go in the world that is their own and where they are not mistreated and persecuted. The vast majority are fine living side by side with Muslims and Arabs in Israel.
There are over 50 Muslim majority countries in the world yet they fight against Jews having just one Jewish country.
I have never seen Israelis spitting and stomping on Palestinian bodies like is happening now, I have never seen them mass raping Palestinians, I have never seen them kidnapping large numbers of women and children, I have never seen them killing and mutilating large numbers of citizens who have nothing to do with the conflict.
Is Israel perfect? No. But they are not the ones who elected terrorists and support that kind of violence. They are just trying to defend themselves from those terrorists in a very difficult situation. Any time they attempt to attack Hamas, they give warning before they bomb, so they don't hurt citizens. Yet Hamas, elected by Palestinian's, hide among Palestinian's because they know if a citizen gets hurt they can use it to smear the image of Israel. Even in all that twisted propaganda with editing videos capturing IDF and Israel in the worst possible light, I have never seen Israelis commit the atrocities that Hamas and Palestinian's are committing right now to citizens and even random tourists.
And Palestinian propaganda talks about how Palestinian's in Gaza are living in an open air prison yet tons of people go back and forth to work in Israel every day. There are plenty of Arabs with equal Israeli citizenship. It's just that Palestinian's don't want land from Israel they've been offered numerous times, they don't want a two-state solution, they don't want to share, they don't want citizenship, they don't want peace because what they want is to cleanse the land of Jews from the river to the sea. That's why they elected Hamas.
To say that both sides are not innocent is just unfair and ridiculous.
it's funny how people are swayed by the media. good thing all media is completely independent and unbiased.
Exactly. No one is innocent in war, and frankly the majority of videos I've *ever* seen regarding the constant conflict between Palestine and Isreal have been from Isreal supporting sources, not much from the other side. A person *has* to be aware and concious of where they get their information and the biases therein.
Hell yeah. Nothing like some terrorist extremists to make it easy to dehumanize their civilians before they do it to us first, from their apartheid cages.
 I still support palestina, there's been too much blood spilled in both sides to look at this and go "that's evil and wrong" it's messed up and shouldn't happen but the whole situation is messed up and shouldn't had happened to begin with. As a citizen of a place that fought for independence I sadly know that this is the rule and not the exception, you'll see more atrocities like that both looking back and going forward and probably the matter won't be solved still.
Now, do I approve any of what happened? Fuck no.
 Fuck
/u/Godnand0. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Oh I am sorry, but Palestine has been suffering with the most INHUMANE DISGUSTING shit every single fucking day by Israel's civilians and government, murdering, torturing, humiliating, raping, killing kids in front of their families, bombarding every area in Palestine, their mosques especially in Jerusalem while PEOPLE are FUCKING PRAYING IN PEACE and YOU'RE telling US you FEEL bad AND WHAT THE PALESTINIANS doing is evil????????? BE FUCKING FOR REAL PLEASE. THEY ARE FIGHTING FOR THEIR LIVES EVERY FUCKING DAY, AND FIGHTING TO GET THEIR LAND BACK WITHOUT ANYONE HELPING AND YOU'RE SAYING "oh I've seen videos, what they've done is bad :("
Yeah Israel totally bombarded Jerusalem. You have been playing to much Starfield and now dream of multiverses. Go see a therapist.
What happened to Jews in the second war was way worse than what Palestinians ever faced. Did Jews and kill and fight and commit suicide bombings and worse? Never. But what do Palestinians do? Keep hating the Israelis, never giving them
A chance, always filling their kids with hatred and giving birth to tons of kids so some of they can go kill themselves.
I mean I don't think they're justified in abusing and murdering a bunch of foreign tourists who were just there for a music festival, but it **does** bring to mind that Mark Twain quotation discussing the French revolution.
“THERE were two “Reigns of Terror,” if we would but remember it and consider it; the one wrought murder in hot passion, the other in heartless cold blood; the one lasted mere months, the other had lasted a thousand years; the one inflicted death upon ten thousand persons, the other upon a hundred millions; but our shudders are all for the “horrors” of the minor Terror, the momentary Terror, so to speak; whereas, what is the horror of swift death by the axe, compared with lifelong death from hunger, cold, insult, cruelty, and heart-break? What is swift death by lightning compared with death by slow fire at the stake? A city cemetery could contain the coffins filled by that brief Terror which we have all been so diligently taught to shiver at and mourn over; but all France could hardly contain the coffins filled by that older and real Terror—that unspeakably bitter and awful Terror which none of us has been taught to see in its vastness or pity as it deserves.”
All that suffering is about to be multiplied a millionfold because of what transpired.  Fighting for your life is one thing, but there's an underused axiom that goes, "if you can't beat 'em, join 'em."  Nobody ever taught the Palestinians that apparently, so they're all going to die, unfortunately.
 shit
/u/triviacypher. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Stfu snowflake your goal in life is to work in a construction site building Israel, you pieces of crap pray you trashy god for a working permit.
What happened to the Bible in all of this... what does the Bible say Christian PEOPLE... DIDN'T JESUS DAY HE WAS GOING TO RETURN THE ISRAELITES TO THEIR HOMELAND....WHY ARE THESE PEOPLE PICKING ON ISRAEL...OR ARE THEY... WHERE ARE THE 12 TRIBES...WHO ARE THE CONVERTS.. WHERE ARE THE EDOMITES, WHO ARE THE EDOMITES ...WHERE IS THE ANTI CHRIST OR WHO ARE THE ANTI CHRIST....MAYBE WE DON'T BELIEVE THE BIBLE LIKE WE SAY WE DO...🤷
 don't think the land of jews subscribes to Jesus existence or recognize his place as the 'son of god' 
Because Jesus isn't the son of God.
Yeah sure whatever bud
The bible is a collection on myths.  Religion is poison.  Stop spreading nonsense
If you treat people the way Israel has treated the Palestinians then you should not be surprised if they fight back . What's happening is awful for both sides of this conflict but the Isreal people need to take a long hard look at who what their government does because its nothing short of a disgrace on humanity!
Making Palestinian stand in line to enter soverign terratory because other Palestinian dressed as civilians throughout the country regularly attacked and stabbed civilians. THAT's a reason why Israel has dealt harshly with Palestinians in the past. The solution has always been the same: Stop trying to kill Israelis.
But you go on with your twisted logic: Israel Bad. Palestine: good.
Nah. Free Palestine.
Israel deserves exactly what it is getting.  They’ve been stealing land for decades.
The video of the bus unloading all the  squatters come to take over the homes of palestinians at a wedding was a turning point for me.
Great propoganda mate
the thing i have been asking myslelf from the moment the sirens woke me up is what other choice do they have? what would you do if you cant make any change? how will you protect your people if the only thing you can exhange for them are prisoners?
Expel hamas. Create law and order. Stop teaching antisemitism and jihad to children. Stop the culture of shahid.  The violence will stop and as trust builds more and more freedom will be granted.
To all the well meaning people in Gaza. Stop Hamas. Topple this terror regime. Hamas is taking you hostage. They are making Gaza into a miserable prison. Even Egypt acknowledges that. Go for the future of you children instead of an endless fight with Israel you cannot win.
What really sucks is watching big tech push these opinions. How come this is the first thread I see when opening Reddit? I literally just watched NBC live kick off a pundit when he was giving facts about Israeli acts of violence.. 240 people.. 45 children THIS YEAR and ohhh sorry we are out of time. Manipulation is real. Makes wackos like Tate sound like they make sense talking about the Matrix. This is insanity
Do you want to see some gory videos coming out of Gaza right now? Maybe that will help you understand.
I went the other way. Why have we never seen a story about like this until now, you have to ask yourself? It's been a decades old war ... why now? 
Israel has been protected .. like in many, many ways. But that protection faltered recently and now you're seeing the impact. 
Israel has been doing this to Palestinians for the last 50 years .. this and worse. But here in America you never see it. 
Ask yourself .. is it commensurate response to level 40 story buildings , like 2 or 5 of them, with people in them? Based on a terrorist attack? 
It's really an interesting question? If someone harms me .. or a loved one, am I allowed to burn down my aggressors house, with his family still in it - in the name of justice?
Hamas attacks from locations full of civilians. They launch rockets from the rooftops of civilian apartment buildings, hoping Israel will retaliate. They intentionally bring their civilian population into the conflict.
Bibi just consolidated power. Awfully convenient justification for their hawkish policies. People ask why Israeli intelligence couldn’t have foreseen this, however you should never interrupt an enemy when it’s making a mistake.
Propaganda is the oldest trick. Just look at the data of how many innocents died on each side.
Yes, I don't support Palestine at least...
Palestine and Israel are different ?
Idk anything
Explain.
It's war only civilians suffer while the other nations watch . Even if this carnage ends what lost is lost be it family or frends
I see only one side screaming praise god while cutting off the heads of civilians.
It’s not much different than the IRA, I don’t agree with the actions taken but I’m also not blind to the fact that as a political and military faction they don’t hold sway if the conditions for regular Palestinians were less like an open air prison.
So here's my 2 cents on this one. Let Palestine build it's army, then it will be Army vs Army, then we will judge who is humane enough between these two.
Imagine if Palestine had billions of dollars a year to create propaganda like Israel does.
Nope. Israelis are just getting a taste of their own overdue medicine. Shocker
Unfortunately, two wrongs don't make a right. I believe the response from Israel will be on an almost genocidal level.
I don't know how this conflict can be resolved. No ethnic group should be strong armed into a life of difficulty on account of them being born kilometers in the wrong direction.
Tbh, I'll need to do more research on this.
Unless you know exactly what's happening..you shouldn't be on a side. As we know, theres always 3 sides to a story....its just a sad situation. Killing. Death. Anger.
If this was an AITA post I would say ETA
I haven’t change my view of Palestines right to defend themself against Israel’s occupation. I also haven’t changed my mind about Hamas being a non-democratic terrorist organization. In fact, the events has obviously strengthen the last part.
Two wrongs will never make a right
Which side are you talking about because both apply
Not really. I've never supported Hamas as I believe (and they prove to be) a terrorist group and I've never liked Israel's actions as they behave like an apartheid state and I can never support the settlers there.
The actions of this weekend change none of that, in fact I think that Israel's answer will be brutal and thousands of Palestinians will die. I can't support that either.
So no, I haven't changed my mind at all. The Palestinian people still deserve to have a place to leave and random New Yorkers should go back to New York instead of abusing Palestinians. Also, everyone should stop spitting on Christians, that's just gross.
Absolutely! The problem is that the way Israel treats Palestine, you breed terrorism.  I really hate what happens there on both sides, but IMO it's on Israel (the state, the leadership, the media, not just any and all people just living there) to have caused this situation. What HAMAS did just justifies the Israeli government in coming down even harder on the common Palestinian.
its*
No.
You have the nuance vision of a 5 year old when you conflate Hamas (a terrorist organization) with the palestinian people (who are being oppressed on both sides by hamas and israel)
How can people look at such a huge conflict and go to the conclusion of good and bad both done good and bad
What's happening is terrible and the acts being committed by Hamas should be condemned. That doesn't change the fact that terrorism doesn't happen out of the blue, it happens because of conditions that throw people into radicalization.
These terrorist acts happen precisely because pushing back on Palestine for decades makes it so lots of people get radicalized.
I want these things to never happen again, and the only way we're gonna achieve that is by either respecting the Palestine's desire to have their own homeland or genocide. That being the choice I'm very inclined to not genocide palestinians.
The sad thing is this could've been avoided by giving the Palestinians what they wanted in the first place because at this point if you advocate for that people will just say that's "giving terrorists what they want" and... yeah? 
But what's the alternative otherwise if not genocide? You just can't make an entire radicalized movement disappear, you gotta do something about it and while I myself dislike the idea of giving them what they want given what they're doing... again, it's either trying to amend the situation or genocide.
No.  Both sides have innocents but both are evil. Nothing has changed.
You can criticize both IDF nad Hamas for atrocities, and you can empathize with israelis and Palestinians civilians to want to live and prosper peacefully. 
Treating everything as one unit, and choosing that whole this as a side is naive.
I would love to see those "videos" you keep talking about
I bet you would. They exist and they're horrible.
Here you go. Watch and get back to me.
https://reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/s/AA2bJgUon9
no
Nope. It's still Hamas using civilians as human shields and the Israeli government all too happy to shoot through them.
i'm sorry who chained whom to tanks?
finally, a reasonable voice!
Yeah when I was younger, I was supportive of Israel, until I learned about the atrocities they've committed. Now, I see that both sides are hypocrites of their own religions, are immature warmongerers, and continually deserve to sleep in the beds they keep making for themselves.
I say let them kill each other to the last man, and let this conflict finally sleep. What else will satisfy them?
sad that you know the start of the movie and how it unfolds, and made a wrong conclusion when you saw the end of the movie (for now)? where is your analytical skills?
or, are you pretending to, but you are just someone who try to infiltrate and corrupt the minds of the people, to justify israel's actions for 70+ years?
I have a friend that was born there (a sabra) in a family that had been there since they were fighting with the Canaanites for land. He immigrated to the US because he said of both sides “They are all crazy.” Everyone hates the other and will fight till the last one is dead rather than find common ground.
Deuteronomy 20:17 - Completely destroy them—the Hittites, Amorites, Canaanites, Perizzites, Hivites and Jebusites—as the LORD your God has commanded you.
The Palestinians are none of those groups of people and share absolutely nothing with them other than DNA, DNA which Jews also have.
lol bot post
I still support a solution of 2 states. And I still support the Palestinian wish for a nation ad condemn the Israelian stllement policy and their apartheid politics. I however have changed my mind that a 2 state solution could be possible with the Hamas. There was a time when they seemed like a freedom fighter organisation. Now their attacks have discredited all of their efforts for a Palestinian state. In general nothing really has changed for me, except that I now support cutting all support for Palestina as long as Hamas is in power.
Hamas was always like this.
So Israel has been kissing Palestinians for decades?
Israel must be a terrible kisser if Palestine is this upset.
Surely you meant killing?
If your support was based on the motives, actions, methods, and beliefs of a decolonization movement aligning perfectly with your own, you never supported them to begin with. Thanks for being honest though
Sounds like you were a fair weather supporter of Palestine. One man's terrorism is another man's resistance to an apartheid regime 
Also weird that you haven't been active on Reddit in a year and this is what you decide to post? Seems convenient
EDIT: OP's account is pretty clearly a bot account based on their history
Also the abuse that Isreal did to Palestine, evicting and raping Palestinians and arresting children over several years and over and over again and doing fuck all doesn't matter apparently, only when the resistance does it they are to be called terrorists
No.
I have sympathy for both sides. I despise atrocities on both sides. There is no end to this situation without mass tragedy.
As a Jewish israeli I feel this very much.
No, fuck off troll
 fuck
/u/ulyssesdelao. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
After today palestine should disappear from map
Nope. I still strongly believe both countries are 100% in the wrong. No one should be trying to kill anyone else for thousands of years. If they can't stop acting like kindergartners, it's time to take away what they can't share. 🤷🏼 sorry, not sorry. If we can't stop killing each other over various holy lands, the area should not be inhabited. It should be controlled by a neutral party with no biases (perhaps the Catholics, as much was I hate them, would be useful here. The pope already has a standing army) that allows both parties to visit their sacred land. But no one should live there. Not if this is what will keep happening.
I think both sides are horrible with one clearly having a leg up over the other one, it was obvious this was the only conclusion that would come from how Israel has acted throughout the years and from the horrible stupid decision of creating that state nearly 80 years ago, but it exists now and it's only natural they'll defend themselves, as is natural Palestinians won't tolerate the state if things.
Am I happy about it? fuck no
Do I get why the Palestinians are doing what they do? Sadly I do, and it will end up badly for them, but I can't blame them for feeling like they do.
 fuck
/u/bard91R. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Not really, vae victis, the one who defeats the other will be righteous in retrospect, Israel doesnt really have any reason to exist but it is stronger so it's most likely that it will remain and beat the arabs.
Hamas does not equal Palestine you fuckin dunce
 fuckin
/u/Substantial_Ask_9992. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
The Israeli social media directors working hard on reddit. Both of these Isreal stole land from Palestine and needs to give it back. but for some reason we justify Israel's action even thought they are literally evil.
“Stolen” lol.
Aw! Coward.
It’s shit on both ends. They are both horrible countries fighting each other and teaching hate
You changed your mind because of this one moment? Gaza has been tortured for years at this point. When they lash out, you say the Palestinians are suddenly in the wrong?
If Israel wasn’t torturing an entire population, you’d have a point. You’re reacting emotionally to a more intense event while ignoring the literal years of torture these people endure. If they attacked for no reason, you’d have a point, but their lashing out is a direct cause of Israel’s oppression
I still support Palestine 🇮🇪
I still support Palestine 🇬🇳
I checked and I could book a flight to Israel but there was no option for Palestine. Is Palestine an actual country?
75 years since the occupation and you still know what that country used to be called.
I was used to seeing Israeli soldiers beat and bully people (Hamas?) for a decade on Reddit. 
I don’t know who to support
Palestinians, not Hamas. Hamas is a terrorist organisation but the Israelis did do some of their own cruel shit on the Palestinians. This does not excuse the genocide Hamas is attempting on Israel though.
Nope. Israel and Hamas have been doing this shit to each other for decades. The fact that the Israeli government/military has been horrible and the fact that Hamas has been horrible doesn't mean that all the civilians of both are horrible.
I do think that the Israeli government has more responsibility here overall. They are the bigger, more powerful party with more resources, plus they have killed way more people than Hamas has.
 shit
/u/HerrBerg. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Hamas isn’t Palestine. I think that’s the biggest mistake people are making when it comes to this conflict. It’s an extremist group funded by Iran. The PA and FIDA in the West Bank are Palestine. Hamas has no affiliation with the PA and FIDA. We need to separate Palestine and Hamas when we talk about this conflict. I think the PA should work with Israel to take out Hamas and Israel should completely withdraw from the West Bank and work together with the PA and parties in Palestine that support the two state system along with the UK and UN to help Palestine develop a functional and stable government. The UK and UN created this problem and they should be held responsible for fixing it.
What makes the PA represent Palestinians more than Hamas does? Both are dictatorships but Hamas still has more popular support than the PA according to polls. 
Even though Hamas isn't recognized as the true government by other countries, I would say that the one with more poplar support is the one which represents the people better.
You can't seperate a people from their government when it's been decades of the same.  How many centuries do we give the Palestinian people to show their true colors before we just accept that living under Hamas is the best they will ever do?
"I saw one out of context video, and now have changed my entire worldview to support a genocidal apartheid state"
How do you sleep at night?
Please tell me what context supports parading naked dead soldiers around and desecrating the dead?
Well, you are welcome to watch the same horrific videos by yourself to judge it. No freedom fighter acts like these... monsters. This is the same behavior as ISIS. Do you support them too?
Yeah I’m sure the video an Israeli boy getting his head chopped off by palestinians makes a lot more sense with context
This comes off as insincere. Every time there's a Palestinian attack there seem to be tons of converts that come out of the woodwork with a "this time was too far" story.
This is by no means the worst yet and will certainly not be the worst to come. Don't act like a fake convert to drum up support for a cause you've always rooted for.
Isreal has done equally evil and vile things. They deserve each other at this point.
Edit: For everyone who doesn't seem to believe me, this is from the UN, Isreal is terrible too, maybe even more so.
https://reddit.com/r/coolguides/s/5N0RBMT5mm
No, idiot, not even close to the same scale
No. There is no such thing as an innocent colonizer. I think you should have the right to fight, by any means possible, an occupying force. Even with these events, the balance of deaths and injuries is so far tipped towards Israel committing atrocities against Palestinians that it's not even close. This will not change until Israel stops being a colonizing and apartheid state
Oh so we are just keeping score? If you don’t think hamas is a terrorist organization then you don’t know what one is. 
If hamas ran the country then it would be just like Afghanistan, and there would be no freedoms. So at least we can say, Israel is a more democratic colonizer
American? If so please just as an apology to the Native Americans whose land you live on
Don’t lie you haven’t changed your mind israel is still in the wrong quite obviously.
You can support Palestinians while denouncing hamas..... 
The actions of hamas **do not** justify the apartheid state.
Look what happens though. Tell me you wouldn’t tolerate checkpoints if women and children are getting kidnapped and murdered
No. Israel made their bed. Now they can sleep in it
Realistically, the French and British made it, left  and this is what's left. 
Don't cry when Gaza gets glassed by a real military force. I know I won't
Well then so did then Hamas. When Israel flattens 
Gaza they will sleep in the bed they made.
Username checks out
That's not even how the say goes.
I guess those 30 videos made you forget the thousands of videos of what Israel has done to Palestine for the past 20 years. Let alone what they've done since 1948, like the safsaf massacre.
No wonder some people are called "sheep", if all it takes you is 30 videos to switch your support from the oppressed to the oppressor.
Never really seen those allegedly "thousands videos of Israelis torturing palestinians"
Terrorist sycophant ^
u/me_jub_jub  
No wonder some people are called "sheep", if all it takes you is 30 videos to switch your support from the oppressed to the oppressor.   
Rule 1, don't attack other users.  
Addressed.
Go to hell, 260 people were massacred and butchered by Hamas terrorist during the party in Reim. 260 innocent people who came to dance and have fun.
Video posted of one girl, naked, bruised, lying dead in the back of a pick up truck while dozens of terrorists desecrate her body, hit and spit on her.
Videos of Israeli children kidnapped, being humiliated and slapped around by Palestinian children in Gaza.
Videos of an 85 (!!!) year old woman who was kidnapped to Gaza with terrorists smiling and laughing.
When the fuck did Israel did anything like this? Your comment proves you are just as bad as Hamas and all those fucking terrorist animals.
Go to hell.
I think this is naive. To change your mind in a single day as if you haven't seen the atrocities committed by IDF for years? Do you not understand the hell that war & violence creates? It breeds hate and a need for revenge. When there are atrocities committed against one party we should expect a retaliation of atrocities. Even fighting back to simply defend oneself in a war requires extreme violence, and everyone doesn't have the same level of honor.
No. Most people are not psychologically capable of perpetrating the acts in the videos, which is probably the source of such a huge change of mind. 
Yes, people die in war, but there is a moment of choice, even in the event of believed atrocities, that you can choose to act as a soldier and not a monster.
Russia may be acting like a monster in Ukraine, but Ukraine tries to target the military. Their people give Russian soldiers tea and hospitality and let them call their mothers when they stop fighting.
I still hate them both equally, barbaric murderers that they are, and think the world would be better without Muslims and Jews (or any religion, for that matter).
"Amnesty International’s new investigation shows that Israel imposes a system of oppression and domination against Palestinians across all areas under its control: in Israel and the OPT, and against Palestinian refugees, in order to benefit Jewish Israelis. This amounts to apartheid as prohibited in international law."
Isreal is protecting its self from what? From a monster it created? Isreal is an apartheid state, it's the state that's killing, slaughtering ruling and occupying a whole nation, it's the country that's responsible for all of this. So what's it's protecting itself from? The people it's killing? The people it's slaughtering? 
This is just plain stupidity.
Look up when the conflict started and what apartheid is.
Show me this “slaughtering” and how many Palestinians died over the entire conflict, how many per year?
Amnesty is a joke and have been debunked countless times.
Israel is no saint, it’s a country and flawed just like any democracy.
Do you have any non-biased sources?
Amnesty International lost credibility in the matter years ago. Based on what happened yesterday, the world understands why Israel is so obsessed with security. It sucks, because peaceful Palestinians are stuck in the middle being used by Hamas as shields and pawns.
Bahahahaha😂😂😂 take a good look people of Reddit, we have a terror supporter here
Israel is at war with the palestinians. If you know anothing about arab history you would know they are the most barbaric and cruel people to ever walk  this earth. And they justify everithing with they pedophile leader religion. Muslims beens raping and castrating people for more than 1000 years. If you look at the history they almost always the first agressors but then claim to be the victims when they lose. Israelis are not good but godamn are you really defending the palestinians?
It was the Shia from Iran who did this.
It was the Sunnis from Gaza. The Shias are up in the failed state of Lebanon attacking from the north.
Nope,
Always thought it was stupid to fight wars based on imaginary nonsense.
https://www.hrw.org/news/2023/08/28/west-bank-spike-israeli-killings-palestinian-children
You support this?
When Israel kills Palestinian children, they’re not targeting those children. This is the difference between the two sides. Why don’t these articles explain how those children were in buildings that terrorists were hiding in? Why don’t these articles explain how those children were given warnings to leave those buildings, but they were forced to stay in there anyway?
Hamas does
Read more history. Hamas is acting horrifically, but these events don't hold a candle to stuff like the Nakba. I don't want to hear the aggressor whine about similar treatment, especially while they pretend that Israel even *has* civilians when they all serve in the IDF.
History is full of massacres. None of them are justified by previous massacres.
Ahh so that dead, naked young woman with broken legs who was being paraded around and spit on by cheering onlookers was IDF?
That is the only option left for them. You want good governance, powerful institutions, education and civil behaviour to thrive in what is essentially a prison? What's left is terrorism.
Not for long.
Two negatives can coexist. 
Hamas is extreme-fundamentalist and by no means should represent the Palestinian state. However the terroristic nature of a Palestinian Faction does not erase the occupation, structural and direct violence imposed by Israel under the guise of Cultural justification.
The recent event is an atrocity but it has not changed my stance from pro-Palestine. Ultimately, Hamas was conceived as a means of resistance against long term structural violence invoked by the religious rhetoric of Zionism in "the chosen people's rightful promised land".
'Chosenness' is a vicious form of Cultural violence as it implies divine entitlement to oppress the 'outgroup' which are in this case, the Palestinians.
This divine entitlement to the promised land has led to killing, deprivation of livelihood from West Bank inhabitants, second class citizenship for non-jews and general exploitation. 
I think it is a necessity not to shift focus from who is using violence to maintain the oppressive iron cage and who is using violence to tear it down.
Having said that, I want to make it extremely clear that I find Hamas' methodologies reprehensible, ugly, cruel and hypocritical. Targeting civilians should never be a tactic of conflict, no exceptions.
"no means should represent the Palestine state". Didn't they elect them???
Israel is an evil state
THIS IS SECOND 9/12 LIE FOR ABLE TO FIGHT WITH MUSLIMS
What?
Israel has pushed them to this point by chipping away at them over the past 60 plus years
That’s not true these kinds of events happened in the past but not at the same scale. They are brutal people
And now they (Palestinians) are going to get destroyed because Hamas fired the first shot...
Nice try shill
Supporting Palestinian self determination and opposing genocide does not mean supporting the terrorist group hamas. The Israeli government is actively committing genocide in Palestine and you now are saying yourself you support this very regime that is literally committing genocide. Hamas committing atrocities that don’t come close to the Israeli government and armed forces crimes don’t absolve Israel of everything it has done. 
Also I don’t hate Jews or the Israeli people, this is just a criticism of the actions of the Israeli state and armed forces.
both nations view the other as sub human, hard to take a side on any of it.
Right, people are quick to condemn the opposition but turn a blind eye when their side commits disgusting acts. It's a shitshow over there.
Would check that all those videos were actually from today as there have been many videos posted as being recent but are months or years old. The warfare that is going on in Palestine is what is known as asymmetric warfare. The Palestinians can't go toe to toe with the IDF with any hope of winning; so like resistance fighters in France during WW2 the fighters engage in unconventional warfare. Like the French in WW2 the occupiers labelled the fighters as terrorists and target civilian areas for punishment for any attacks, normally resulting in 10 times the number of civilian casualties caused by the IDF than were caused to Israeli citizens.
Did the French resistance gang rape young women and parade the corpses around? Did they go house to house throughout German towns killing children and the elderly along with men of fighting age?
No.
Hamas could have engaged in mass sabotage. They *did* hit some Israeli military positions but they also raped and murdered as many people as they could at a "peace rave".
They are more like Nazis than the French resistance.
I could absolutely accept *Resistance / Guerilla warfare and vicious violence.
But not the rapes, spitting on / parading of corpses and the whole **Allahu Akbar** shit.
No....as I believe the fundamental underlying causes of the conflict are still there
Palestinians have likely committed war crimes in their incursion,but logically speaking this changes nothing,
and this weird gleeful anticipation of a genocide and various war crimes to be carried out by Israel against citizens of gaza is awlful and will only Breed more sympathy for hamas in the long term
Who sympathizes with hammas? The sympothy is for Palestinians who hammas doesn't even care about anyway.
They didn’t attack for no reason.
Israel has been doing this to them for a long time.
Please show the videos where  Israelis  are parading bodies through streets in celebration aftter rapre and murder.
And the conditions are the way they are for a reason as well.
no, please consider the following statistic… 
deaths since 2008:
Palestinians— 5,590
Israelis— 251
That is only because Isreal has the iron dome and takes extreme measures to ensure the safety of their populace. Look instead at the number of attempted missile strikes they have committed.
700 Israeli confirmed just yesterday, not that it matters
and because it's dispropationate proves one side is good and the other is bad?
Your support wasn't helpful for a decade so now they turned evils
For the entirety of the conflict, both sides have done horrible things. But to speak entirely accurately, Israel was the ones who tried to avoid civilian casualties in the begining, while Palestine forced civilians to stay in areas to attempt to stop Israel from bombing them
For years something like this hasn't happened in Israel.
This makes me think of that time where Hitler let soldiers dressed as polish soldiers attack a radio station in order to have a reason to attack Poland.
I might be wrong, but how else can you explain the sudden breach in the wall and etc? And what about the iron dome? Isn't Isreal impenetrable? Maybe some rockets pass it but now thousands of missiles ( or smtn) blew up buildings and etc.
Idk, but it's definitely sketchy imo.
Right. So Israel did this to itself which is why HAMAS is taking credit and celebrating and rounding up children to rape in videos. Got it.
/u/1011101010100110. 'Hitler' Casual comments and analogies are inflammatory and therefor not allowed.  
We allow for exemptions for comments with meaningful information that must be based on historical facts accepted by mainstream historians. See [Rule 6](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_6._nazi_comparisons) for details.  
This bot flags comments using simple word detection, and cannot distinguish between acceptable and unacceptable usage. Please take a moment to review your comment to confirm that it is in compliance.
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Divided government. Army reservists and volunteers have been protesting and not going to reserve duty. 
No conspiracy theory necessary the signs have been there for months.
nope, until Israel physically exists somewhere in western Europe or the united states, the two guilty ass parties who started this conflict, I'll never support the invasive, occupying force.
How did the US create this conflict ?
 ass
/u/honda_slaps. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Simplified explanation of the situation:
-2000 years ago and more, Israelites are persecuted and suffer under other nations in the region of modern Israel.
1917 colonist Brits and French started the modern conflict by promising both Palestinians and Israelites the same piece of land in exchange for help against the Ottoman Empire. 
Conflict starts. None of the two countries existed before this. 
1945+ the nations decide in favor of Israelites following WW2 and the Holocaust. 
70 years of wars and conflicts follow, including aggression and invasion from neighbouring Lebanon, Iran, Jordan, Egypt. Israelites push away the Palestinians, the Palestinians don't want to share, the cycle repeats. 
The guilty for the start of this conflict are dead, ALL OF THEM. Nowadays, children are born and raised to hate eachother for the sins of their fathers. 
7 October 2023 HAMAS, a terrorist palestinian group invades Israel and targets civilians. 
My stance is simple, Free Palestinians but eradicate HAMAS.
I have. I was once firmly in Israel's camp, after all they've had the land for generations now, and no country in the world would put up with rockets being launched across their borders, nor should they have to. 
But I learned more of Israel's actions and the attrocities they committed and have come to realize they both suck. I favor forcably evacuating everyone and then turning that whole area to glass.
ETA: I'm behind on the news and didn't know Hamas had launched an attack.
No. I won't let one conflict change my opinion of something that has been going on this long. In brief: I still say that the rich neighbors of the Palestinians could have given them a place long ago, but they chose to keep them refugees in their own country in order to keep a conflict against the Jews.
Since then, both sides have acted horribly, but I say the Arabs could have prevented this.
I agree. The other Muslim nations are really horrible to their neighbors.
They've been killing each other for so long, they have no humanity left, neither side but at least Israel is somewhat more pro western
Yup, I support Israel's right to exist just like I support Palestine's, but with this shit happening, I can't support either side, but this does kind of remind me of what Sharon did with his likud-progeniating militia that acted in the same way, so while I condemned the actions of Hamas, I know exactly where they learned it from.
But just like US whites did to US blacks, Israeli Jews do to Israeli muslims.
All the dead jewish israelis can thank the person who murdered Yitzhak Rabin for the power pendulum crashing back against them. Reap what you sow and sow what you reap, everyone is blind, deaf and dumb.
 shit
/u/Selection_Pressure. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
When innocent palestinian children have been bombed and killed on a regular basis to the resounding cheers of Israelis, these acts of barbarism are contextualised. 
I wholeheartedly condemn these actions as well as Hamas, but let’s not pretend this situation isn’t of Israel’s own making
Palestinians have always pretend to be victims that want to live peacefully, instead the only solution they see is a genocide. Yesterday you could see how people react that they will never accept compromise, they want the 100% distruction of the jews
Fuck you talk some bullshit. Hamas invaded Israel and killed innocents. Israel has the right to defend itself as any nation would.
Israel have all the power, all the control, all the land, all the money — cmon. They choose how this plays out. 
It’s quite possible they’ve allowed this to happen to justify the inevitable massacre to come. 
They certainly prevented progressive Palestinian movements in favour of Hamas
You know that the zionists post many fake videos?
Who is posting the videos????????????? That's right, it's hamas themselves
Link a fake video that was posted by “Zionists”
Oh so why are people in Western countries celebrating those "fake videos by Zionists"..? Somebody should tell them the attacks didn't happen I guess..!?
Yes we have seen fake stories on both sides over the years and yes, there were some events where one had to wonder whether the Israeli side had an interest in escalating things beyond what happened - but this time, there is zero doubt because it's the Palestinian side who is filming themselves committing these crimes, spreading the videos, and celebrating the atrocities in the streets. Who do you want to blame for making something up..?
Israel shouldn’t exists it’s simple. No Israel = no need for Hamas. When did the British have the right to designate someone else’s home to someone else. This is the end of times, and I firmly believe Israel will continue to illegally occupy Palestinian land till the day of judgement.
Well it does exist so it's not simple is it.
Strength that's how the British were able to do this and it wasn't anyone's home, it was empty land.
Get out of here with that religious nonsense. The reason the conflict is ongoing is because of people thinking that way
Palestinians are losers like many other civilisations that have been wiped out since the beginning of time. Israel will take Gaza now.
Bet you were one of those animals stomping on dead bodies and waving around dead corpses, YOU are the reason that this conflict is still happening. When the likes of you will be eradicated in the next few days/weeks we can all finally think of some peace ✌️
Oh it’s judgment time alright. Hopefully flatten that shithole with all those terrorists islam loving pieces of shit with it
Do you even know how many Palestinians have been massacred in the last 12months by settlers or the Israeli defence forces?
Feel free to post vids of IDF mass murdering people at a concert
Whataboutism
I have changed my mind also.
Previously I thought the illegal occupation and settlement expansion was 100000 times worse than whta the Palestinians are doing...
Now I think it's a million times worse
Those number are about to get pumped up
lol you watched “some videos” and that’s all it took to change years of thought? Please never breed.
Interesting take considering pro palestians believe every Palestinian propaganda video out there.
Do you really lack that much empathy to put yourself in those womens shoes on those families' shoes? Shame on you.
This community aims for respectful dialogue and debate, and our rules are focused on facilitating that. To align with rule 1, make every attempt to be polite in tone, charitable in your interpretations, fair in your arguments and patient in your explanations.
Don't debate the person, debate the argument; use terms towards a debate opponent that they or their relevant group(s) would self-identify with whenever possible. You may use negative characterizations towards a group in a specific context that distinguishes the negative characterization from the positive -- that means insulting opinions are allowed as a necessary part of an argument, but are prohibited in place of an argument.
Many of the issues in the I/P conflict boil down to personal moral beliefs; these should be calmly and politely explored. If you can't thoughtfully engage with a point of view, then don't engage with it at all.
u/Bearshapedbears  
Please never breed.  
Rule 1.   
Addressed.
Have a look at how many people the other side has killed and tell me if you think it's equal? 
https://israelpalestinetimeline.org/charts/
2 wrongs don’t make a right
No, but two wrongs in this case will end this never ending fighting once and for all.  Give them 3 days to leave and then level Gaza.  Make it nothing to return to.  Then go root out Hamas and Hezbollah - that will take years.  Just as the USA has done and is still doing with Al Qaeda.
MSNBC: "How Israel’s far-right government fueled tensions with Hamas"
[https://www.msnbc.com/american-voices/watch/israel-hamas-conflict-exposes-intel-failures-194666053770](https://www.msnbc.com/american-voices/watch/israel-hamas-conflict-exposes-intel-failures-194666053770)
Of course the socialist at MSNBC would support Hamas and terrorism
No, I remain firmly pro-Palestine. Israelis kill and blockade Palestinians to steal their land. This is an ongoing process, not one that happened 80 years ago. Palestinians fight back and get criticized for it. And what’s the basis for the criticism? “It’s barbaric to fight back in any way except on the open battle field, where Israel is guaranteed to win.” 
Do I agree with everything Palestine does? No. But I’m standing with the oppressed over the oppressors, always. If you’re confused about which one that is, look to the casualty numbers
“If Arabs put down their weapons, war ends. If Jews put down their weapons, there will be no more Jews”
You picked the wrong side.
Never seen a video of Israelis kicking a grandma out of her home and bulldozing it?
Yeah, it's totally the same thing as raping that grandma and killing her. I'm not saying it's good, but how can you even compare someone getting kicked out of their home to being raped and murdered?
No.
Even though Reddit -and the US- is heavily pro-Israel, I'm not going to pretend that the IDF had exemplary behaviour for the last decades.
Suddenly war behaviour should be unacceptable because Hamas struck a bigger blow than the IDF usually does ? When someone slaps you every day for a year, are you the bad guy if you punch them hard once ? 
That's naive. Both sides have terrorists just dying to commit genocide, and both sides have civilians who would just want to live in peace, but won't.
Nothing has changed.
I don't think murdering civilians indiscriminately is ever justified. Pretty crazy take to compare that to getting slapped in the face
The social media campaign is going swimmingly I see. I hope nobody is forming actual opinions based on clear propaganda posts such as these.
How many Palestinians have been murdered during the apartheid occupation? Just because this was caught on video doesn’t mean it’s worse.
Since January 2023..
- more than 200 palestinians murdered by israeli occupation forces
- more than 8000 palestinians injured by israeli occupation forces
- more than 700 homes demolished
- more than 1000 palestinians displaced
"Hamas likely will need to be eradicated and eliminated, vile people."
I dont know who you are but this excerpt brings to mind a typical western redditor soyfacing over retaliatory civilian attacks where just a few months ago you would have contributed your useless opinion to a video of armed Israeli guards beating the stuffing out of Palestinian grandmas in the street. 
Shut the heck up. Please shut the heck up. (Mr Incredible meme lololol)
Edit: Checked bio and was right. LGBT+ cryptotrader from UK (more or less). You're so disconnected from reality you'd do better to keep your mouth shut before you spew hot "doo-doo" takes like this irl.
Edit again: Profanity
 shit
/u/_Roshambo_. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
OMG LMAO! the automod reply you just received….
This is the most reddit thing I've ever seen in my life lol. Peak internet.
Reads like one of the posts from the teens they recruit to defend Israel online
https://www.usatoday.com/story/news/world/2013/08/14/israel-students-social-media/2651715/
No my opinions haven’t changed. Hamas is dog shit, Israel is dog shit, innocent people from every walk of life are being crushed in this bullshit. It’s still fuck Netanyahu, it’s still fuck terrorists, it’s still fuck forced-settlers, it’s still FUCK WAR. The entire region is a violent cesspool.
 shit
/u/BeholdPale_Horse. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Really? Check out all that Israel has done before today…they kill civilians on the reg
Where are the vids of the IDF parading through the city with dead civilians
They have an apartheid state and keep Palestinians in a prison they bomb regularly. What did they expect to happen?
Because Palestinians don’t send rockets to Israel on a regular basis.
So thats about how some other arab countries treat Christians/Jews. And with the history of continously being attacked by the Arab countries I kinda understand the sentiment there. I don't say its good but I can understand it.
They are free to leave to other states you know? Or they are free to stay and learn to coexist with Israelis instead of firing tens of thousands of rockets at civilian areas every year. Honestly if Israel were the US, Gaza wouldve been a giant graveyard by now.
That's not at all happening. Lack of education, indoctrination, racism and virulent hatred will make someone side with terrorists over a civilized country like Israel.
Palestine did not attack Israel, this was a terrorist attack by Hamas.
Hamas is a political organization that has been voted into positions of power, democratically. That means they are an extension of Palestine
Most people forget that Hamas is mostly funded by Iran, not Palestine, because they're anti Israeli and have way more funds. 
Hamas used brand new drones. We have never seen them before. There's only two countries that can make drones that advanced, and the US is definitely didn't build them. The only choice is Iran.
So, Palestine finally finds an effective way to fight back, and now suddenly, Isreal isn't treating them the way they were treated in the thirties and forties.
I know right how can they say israel has a right to defend SOMEONE ELSES LAND gtfo if u dont like it
War never changes. Just be nice to one another! How hard is that?! Or at least learn to let things go. War is a poison caused by hate and fear.
Do you feel the same when someone beats up their bully? I sure don't. You just sound like a bleeding heart that would side with an abuser as soon as you see them being hit by their victim.
Edit: Reminder Isreal has one of the strongest shilling squads on the internet. JIDF back in full force.
This is more like beating up your bully's little sister to death, then stripping her and parading her in town, where all your mates spit on her body.
Is it only beating? Or was it rape and kidnapping people as well?
Newsflash, Palestinians aren't being bullied and Israelis aren't bullies. Wake up. Educate yourself and get your head out from the sand.
You can beat up your bully. However, when you rape his little sister in revenge, that is when you go far too far.
Guess what NOTHING JUSTIFIES what Hamas have done.
”Beats up their bully” reference 😂😂
I swear you muslims have multiple screws lose. I think its related to muhammed fcking a minor, but who knows. 
Anyways, no. 99% of the world doesnt see slaughtering civilians and tourists with no ethnic relation to Israel as ”beating their bullies”.
They see as vermin. Your not even animals.
This is so misguided. Hamas and the civilians of Palestine are not the same. Are there terrorists in power right now? Yes. Are the innocent Palestinian people to blame? No. Fuck hamas and all other terrorist organizations. They are making things worse, but that's their MO. The people of Palestine still deserve to be treated as human beings. Do you honestly think shooting down residential buildings is going to bring back the dead? This war has ALWAYS been asymmetrical in Israel's favor.
Bruh, hamas is hiding in those residential areas, israel has no choice, the people should either flee or take shelter or fight the hamas and drive them out if the bombing is to end.
It was never "asymmetrical in Israel's favor" during the pogroms prior to Israel's reestablishment, nor during the war of independence, not during many other islamic attacks on Israel, Israel made herself stronger because of all of these unprovoked genocidal attacks against Israel.
Hamas was voted into power. There is a huge support for Hamas, also seen in the videos from Gaza where civilians descecrate the corpses of the innocent. 
Im not saying all, but if we are being honest here - Israel would be wiped out by any islamic state if they could. They have shown it several times thru history. 
If you support terrorists you have to deal with the consequence of having their HQ in your livingroom.
Has anyone called out the Hamas for this, though? Are the civilians of Palestine opposing the Hamas in any way, ever? Last time I checked, people were celebrating those barbaric acts, in Gaza, in the West Bank, and in big cities in Western countries. Europe has sent billions of dollars in aid to Palestine over the last decades, worked with organizations on the ground, has taken in refugees from the region, has invested in infrastructure and education and exchange programs. What have they made of all this support until now..? And if the civilians of Palestine are not and don't want to be Hamas, then why haven't we heard ANYBODY on their side condemn what happened? I'm with OP, I have always been critical of Israel (and of course all those points of criticism are still valid), but what I have seen yesterday makes me think the Palestinian population is responsible for their fate to a certain degree, and if this is their idea of what's morally right, then they just lost me as an alley.
Op didn't talk about civilians, only hamas.
Imo, hamas needs to be stopped. Israel has no choice but to bomb targets in gaza (note: they don't bomb innocent people if they can help it), Israel targets specific buildings and knocks first. but hamas has a vast history of bombing civilian territory just for bombings sake.
I'm not saying gaza civilians deserve to live in fear of their house getting knocked on some day, and Israeli sitizens shouldn't live in fear of their house getting hit by rockets. It's a fucked up situation with no foreseeable end.
Imho, the "stolen land" argument Palestinians use is as irrelevant now as it was 75 years ago when israelis settled. No one is gonna leave that land, and everyone  wants it all for themselves.
You can say you support one side over the other, but it doesn't really mean much imo. palestine consists of both innocent people and murderous terrorists. Israel has innocent people to protect and an oppressed population to deal with.
Btw: lots of people say now smth like "israel gets now a taste of their own medicine", but it's not true. Israeli citizens are being murdered, innocents. Israel is not the one that pays that price, the citizens are. In the same way that Palestinian citizens are paying the price of getting their house bombed, not hamas. 
Tl;dr: the relations are fucked up, talking about sides is counter intuitive.
 Fuck
/u/brofessor_oak_AMA. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Why would Israel take down residential building?
It won't help save the lives of Israelis, quite the opposite, it will make people more angry and they'll want to join hammas and harm Israel. It doesn't make any sense, think about it. we are taking down buildings with ammo storage or other military purpos. If hammas using residential buildings for that purpose, it's hammas fault! And by the way, in those cases, idf calls to evacuate the building and lunch a warning missile on it roof to warn the people who are in the building and a few minutes after that the army sends the real missile to destroy it. In this logic idf actually cares about innocent Palestinians more than hammas that use them as humans shieldes.
They elected them, and let them stay in power for 17 years. They could've had an uprising long ago, and less people would die on both sides.
At the very least, they could not let them launch rockets from schools, mosques and so on. Don't play that card - there's no Israel in Gaza, so it's Hamas and the Gazans. And it's their choice.
Have you seen the video of Israeli Soldiers pissing on the dead naked corpses of Palestinians? Basing your view on a few videos that you see on reddit is the absolute worst take.
It was US Marines in a different country https://youtu.be/fDub_zV68hI?si=Hb-i-vJYbemuDLar
That’s not real though, is it? It’s US Marines
That's how propaganda works
Bombing people of Palestine ≠ defend people of Israel
Nope. Israel have caused this by fucking over Palestinians for decades. People are angry and justifiably so. That anger and frustration has lead to what Hamas is doing, which is unjustifiable and counterproductive but that's what happens when you make a whole country feel trapped and oppressed.
Hamas is responsible, but so is Israel, so is the US for supporting Israel and so are many of the US's allies for going along with it. Palestinian civilians will be killed and they're arguably the only ones that have done nothing wrong.
That anger and frustration has lead to what Hamas is doing, which is unjustifiable
but that's what happens when you make a whole country feel trapped and oppressed.
Did you even realize that you claimed something was unjustifiable and then justified it within the same damn sentence?
How does the saying go, "Everything before the word 'but' is horsesh*t".
https://preview.redd.it/b4pcknvlp0tb1.png?width=1200&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=28c4ca237a4ae781e2d5c09f961a96ffaf5b0080
Just wanted to drop this off here for the idiots saying Palestinians are killing more than Israelis
 fucking
/u/SpezModdedRJailbait. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
The videos show streets full of 'civilians' celebrating as Toyota trucks roll into gaza with naked captive Israelis. The 'civilians' are beating the dead woman with planks and sticks. 
Palestinians in Europe are celebrating this terrorist attack by distributing sweets. In Canada Palestinians are taking out car rallies. 
In London Pakistani have joined the 'celebrations' in the streets.
In Qatar the Hamas leaders are watching Tik-tok videos of the abuse, including that of children.. on large screen TVs and laughing and dancing.
What does this all tell you?
Ah it seems the Israeli propagandists have showed up.
Hamas are terrorists
Imagine hating Jews so much that you prefer a genocidal cause that its only goal is to eradicate a Jewish state, so they support terrorists massacring Jews. 
&#x200B;
Glad world leaders are not as idiotic as the disgusting people on reddit.
https://preview.redd.it/zrw7368l00tb1.jpeg?width=943&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=1279698f1e52ca755dbac28a4a7353ec8c9fa257
What I see is 16 years old female, killed by Israeli solider and he just sits down drinking a cup of coffee.
Look for the video/article… you’ll be surprised to know she probably held a knife trying to injure people, she should be thankful no one is touching her when she’s on the ground… unlike your buddies in Gaza
She was probably throwing rocks at the IDF. Play stupid games win stupid prizes
Your not looking hard enough
He’s not raping her and shouting with joy so W for israel
Mee too I changed my mind
I've always been a Palestine supporter but after seeing the 30 so videos I now support hamas as well you go hamas 💚
No. The Palestinians are the ones under apartheid fascist rule. Hamas is evil for what they do to innocents, but so is Isreal and they do it at a larger scale. If Israel wasn't the way it is there wouldn't be a Hamas.
People who say this really don’t understand what Apartheid was.
without israel there would be no palestine or palestinian.
Ah and you think Israel “depopulating” villages was done in a super respectful way. Their imposed rule is just super kind. Cutting off electricity to families and hospitals in retaliation is reasonable response. 
It isn’t terrorism it’s war and war sucks. The Palestinians are still the victims that doesn’t change because they get angry and start acting like it’s a war.
we really in the day and age where people expect you to keep feeding your invader
30 years of propaganda but this one did it for you?
Hamas, the Palestinian terrorist group, is no different than IS, Qaeda and Taliban. They engage in the same type of disgusting behavior. It's not propaganda. All the videos obtained were by Palestinian proudly videotaping itself.
&#x200B;
I can't imagine being so vile to side with terrorists.
 I've always disliked hamas and I'm not surprised this would happen , but the ideal of the movement as a whole is still a good thing in my opinion as long as it doesn't start targeting israeli civilians like hamas is as well as israel
This is the ideal of the movement, the rest is misdirection.
No ,In matter of fact, I hate Israel more than ever.
Would you mind elaborating?
Resistance is justified when people are occupied.
Israel steals their native land, uses an apartheid wall to block vital resources, attacks their places of worship, bombs their hospitals, burns their food and agriculture, and then has the audacity to complain when they fight back.
Claiming this as a religious war is inaccurate and insensitive. Muslims and Jews have lived in peace for hundreds of years.
Palestine is not resisting because Israel has Jews. They are resisting because they have been oppressed and isolated for over seventy years. They have a right to resist. I wouldn’t blame the Native Americans if they tried to burn down the White House.
You can quote statistics of damage on Israel but it is nothing in comparison to the damage Israel has inflicted on Palestine for over seventy years. Palestine has a right to resist. You cannot invade something that was yours to begin with.
resistance is justified when people are occupied
Wrong. This isn't resistance. Unless you think grandmas, children and civilians are the ones "oppressing" Palestinians.
Israel steals their native land
Wrong. Jews bought land from ottomans. Arabs didn't want to share land in the partition and attacked Israel after it had been ratified by the UN. Arabs lost their land when attempting to attack another sovreign nation. They could have used diplomacy and kept their land and possibly gained more but they chose violence instead.
Muslims and Jews have lived in peace for hundreds of years.
Wrong. It looks like peace to you because Muslims kept Jews and other non Muslims as literal second class citizens. Now they are the masters of their own fate and Muslims can't handle it
Palestine is not resisting because Israel has Jews
Wrong. It's literally been a core component of Hamas charter that Jews will be cleansed from river to sea. They only changed it recently to "Zionists" to not give the game away so obviously.
Nothing compared to the damage 
Wrong. Israel spends billions in protecting its citizens. Palestinian leaders spend billions in making sure they have nice villas in Qatar and Dubai while wasting money on terror tunnels, cheap shitty rockets and training brainwashed youth to sacrifice their lives so the conflict doesn't end because that's how they keep their lavish lifestyles.
You cannot invade something that was yours to begin with
Wrong. Arabs only owned at best 11% of land pre mandate. Arab supremacism and racism deluded them into believing it was therefore all Arab land.
Can you define resistance here?
Like, I'm seeing teenage girls being kidnapped, mutilated, and paraded around by groups of elated young men.
There is resistance them there is killing and raping civilians then proudly posting the aftermath to social media. 
The fact that Israel does more damage in airstrikes has nothing to do with morality, only ability, Hamas have made it very clear what they would do if they could, but they lack the forces to do so. 
Given Hamas was founded as a struggle against the Jews (it is in there own charter). This is a religious conflict or at least Hamas believes it to be. 
Hamas is not an oppressed minority for the same reason ISIS is not an oppressed minority they are a violent terrorist organisation who's goals have always been a war with Jews.
If Native Americans came to your house with the intent of burning it down and raping your wife and daughters, I hope for their sake you'd defend them with deadly force.  Or maybe you'd just give the Native Americans a hug and let them have at it.  Probably the latter.  The Arabs were colonizers and occupiers as well.  They are just mad that Israel has kicked their ass around.  That's how you get to live in a free, peaceful country: you have to be able to kick the sh!t out of others who do not want you to live that reality.  Freedom and democracy isn't the norm in the world.  It's never been.  And it's been achieved through violence.  A lot of it.
Well said.
Educate yourself
Have you seen the homes that were distroid?
Children massacered?
Is this what you support? People who rape, kill, and murder inocent people of palestine? Is it not resonable to be angrey when a country has forced children into the state seen in the photo above?
I just did a reverse image search. Look what I found. It's not even a Palestinian.
https://preview.redd.it/bk6gexvxozsb1.png?width=1806&format=png&auto=webp&s=8c0620bc0280f453b13a093813bb597977276329
Can you please tell me when Palestinians have been "raped"?
The pic you posted is from Yemen. Which tells me a lot about your concept of 'truth'.
I cant believe they are raping israeli women because this kid from yemen is starving
This is yemeni i discovered, my source lied not me!
Israel has been persecuting and torturing Palestinians for quite some time. Why do you judge the Palestinians for returning the same treatment back to Israel? Not to mention they STOLE their land right at the beginning.
It boggles my mind that Israel has become exactly like the Nazi party.
Israel allows Muslims to be elected to their legislature while Hamas states in its charter (Covenant) that its goal is the obliteration of Israel.
You sound like someone that just regurgitated whatever they read that morning. I mean no intelligent person would be this stupid, right?
They can both be judged and condemned. How dare you same sides this senseless violence which will do nothing but set back relations another 2 decades.
*Took back the land.
/u/greengo07. 'Nazi' Casual comments and analogies are inflammatory and therefor not allowed.  
We allow for exemptions for comments with meaningful information that must be based on historical facts accepted by mainstream historians. See [Rule 6](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_6._nazi_comparisons) for details.  
This bot flags comments using simple word detection, and cannot distinguish between acceptable and unacceptable usage. Please take a moment to review your comment to confirm that it is in compliance.
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
u/greengo07  
It boggles my mind that Israel has become exactly like the Nazi party.  
Rule 6, no Nazi comments/comparisons outside things unique to the Nazis as understood by mainstream historians.  
Addressed.
Have to understand there are certain religions that view those who are not of their religion as inferior. Hamas is part of one of these religions. it is time to remove them from this earth. time to send them to meet their god
Where are the videos?
Take a look ol r/CombatFootage , twitter and other social media.
Videos are everywhere
YES
Yep. I fully supported Palestine & muslims until Bataclan happenings.
I’ve had a change of heart
It's completely possible (and often the case) for multiple parties to be simultaneously understandable, yet wholely condemnable, when it comes to violent actions.
Israel should not be confining those in the Gaza strip to such horrible conditions. The settlements need to not only stop, but be withdrawn from much (if not all) of the West Bank. However, there is clearly a security risk posed to Israelis by those in Gaza. Hamas aren't attacking Israel because of the settlements and they'd just as soon kill every Jewish person if they had the chance to, it's literally part of their creed and the backbone to the foundation of Hamas.
It's understandable why those in Palestine would want to fight back. It's not acceptable to capture, torture, rape, murder and defile the corpses of civilians from Israel, though. Recording yourselves doing it and throwing it into the internet to show off your savagery to the world reveals far more intent than simply "freedom fighting." Anyone who says this is "based" or "revolutionary" is showing their true colors. 80 years ago they would be cheering on Jews being trained off to Auschwitz.
The deaths of Palestinians far outnumber the deaths of Israelis, for a variety of reasons, and it's fair to take that into account when weighing up the responsibilities of both sides to end these struggles. But remember, while Israel might dwarf Palestine on its own, Israel stands against a wave of enemies in the Middle East. If Palestinians stopped fighting, perhaps conditions would grow worse for them, or perhaps not. If Israel stops fighting, it will cease to exist, and all her citizens are likely to face the same treatment you've seen today in videos spammed across Twitter and the news today.
The violence is tragic, none of it should be celebrated, no one should be giddy for vengeance or continuous bloodshed. If this situation is to ever be resolved, far more sober minds need to prevail in these conversations, rather than the ideologically partisan ones that
Bro this whole thread is like yay peace! EXTERMINATE HAMAS. This thread is weird man
Peace is overated.
So do you support Israel leveling an entire residential building full of civilians yesterday in Gaza? MSNBC only briefly reported it - with the addendum that Gaza is the "home of Hamas" as an explanation.
Yes. There will be collateral damage which is unavoidable. In a war all bets are off.
As per usual, Hamas uses civilian buildings like homes, schools, and hospitals to store and launch artillery. Then Israel Bombs it to deatroy the military base. And ofc there will be civilians there because thats what Hamas wants. And they use it for their own propaganda.
Exactly. From what I’ve seen, both sides are terrorists.
Imagine not supporting a genocidal group that decapitates innocent citizens and takes infants and disabled elderly defenceless hostage... hats off to you smh
What do you think fighting for your land looks like? The entire “conflict” has been asymmetrical from the start and Israeli citizens are not innocent when they all have to go through military service. 
They f****d around for too long and found out.
 fucked
/u/snAp5. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Hamas murdering hundreds of civilians at a music festival, including foreign nationals,  then parading around their dead bodies has nothing to do with fighting for land.
If only there were other instances of people of a certain religion fighting for territory that we could have studied and got a better understanding…..
I have no idea what is going on between the two but I do know one thing. Arsenal defeated Man City today
Lmao
It's time, for once, for the US and other countries to step back and let the two fight it out among themselves. This pissing contest has gone on for too long.
Palestine vs. Israel.... I wonder how that would end...
If Israel took the gloves off there is only one way for it end. International influence is a big part of what helps encourage constraint. 
Obviously, by itself Israel is going to have a harder time against the "entire" Muslim world.
other countries will join in as soon as we do that.
It’s a very Reddit thing to say but religion bad. People can be horrible but religion, like politics makes people have a them vs you mindset. Human lives should not be boiled down to a team sport.
The importance of paying attention to what's going on on the ground instead of listening to narratives and talking heads
And he will be a wild man; his hand *will be* against every man, and every man's hand against him; and he shall dwell in the presence of all his brethren.
It is deeply depressing.
The average Palestinian is not a terrorist
Not really.  I don’t think Hamas represents the Palestinian people in an important way other than being an outspoken terrorist group that vaguely represents the Palestinian desire for independence.  This is a very loose analogy but it seems somewhat like the IRA.  Even after they got independence they wanted to keep pushing until 26+6=1 and became a terrorist organization.
I still think they should’ve gotten what they wanted even if the methods they were using were just the most deplorable, awful, disgusting tactics.  Well, until Northern Ireland officially told them to feck off.  Hamas is the same.  Just wicked, terrible, brutal stuff.
But Palestine needs to be its own country.  Israel’s just terrified that if they let them go they’ll ally with other middle eastern nations and wage war against them, which given that you’d be sandwiched between two Palestines is a legitimate worry.
I mean we ( USA, via) trained how many terrorists over the years.👀 bin lad so on. Bush and bin lad Carlyle group defense contractor.. imagine a 20 year war after 911 also the day before Pentagon misplaced 2.3 trillion.... too coincidental imo .. As for recent events in Israel and attack that orchestrated without the gov approval my ass. Unprecedented 👀.. Balfour declaration and yes blood on both hands but wouldn't you of thats all you know ..
Recent events have shown me that this conflict is too complicated to take sides. It's zero sum no matter how you look at it.
I've spoken at lengths to a friend who works in US sponsored delevelopment programs abroad and she helped me to understand. Hamas is monstrous and Palestinian support for them comes from a place of desperation. They're regular innocent people living under apartheid and with no hope of diplomatic means to improve their lives. There's also a generations deep hatred for the Israelis essentially taking their land. That hatred breeds violence. 
On the Israeli side, they are also regular people and deserve to live regular safe lives. A two state system will never work because of the deep hatred that the Palestinians have for Israelis and violence will only ever continue. Everyone on both sides has personally felt the loss of loved ones as a result of the decades long conflict. They can't just forgive and forget. 
Both sides have blood on their hands and both sides deserve to live peacefully. 
I want so badly to be able to look at the conflict overall and choose the good guy to support but I simply can't. In this recent escalation there's no doubt about it, Palestinians are at best an accessory to the heinous acts that are unfolding. But we also can't pretend that inhumane treatment of Palestinians over decades didn't play a role.
Ever look into the Balfour declaration
Don’t confuse monstrous terrorists like Hamas with the peaceful civilians who overwhelmingly elected them to commit acts like this instead of using the millions in aid to help them. :/
Hamas =/= Palestine
Hamas = Palestine in Gaza
You're in the wrong if you support either of these countries. They're both killing each other instead of finding peaceful diplomatic resolution.
Exactly! The leaders are killing innocent people left and right, spreding propaganda, hate and misery. Something has to happen to make the people of Palestine and Israel believe in peace, and work for peace. The governments now are just adding fuel to the fire, both of them
Same as you, OP. Seeing a bunch of men drive around a broken naked woman’s body in a truck screaming allahu akbar. Hard to believe that these are the victims we’re supposed to support?
They are not. Hamas should be in jail. Palestine and Gaza is not the same as Hamas, and most are obviously not like them. What about the kids, you don't support them because of others actions?
No, it's just another swing in a long cycle of fighting.  Israel is "more right" today then it was yesterday...until they go too far or do something else.  It's not as simple as "x" is 100% right.
Why am I seeing so many collapsed comments?
That's weird because your comment was collapsed.
Your comment was collapsed so it does seem odd. Mod directing the conversation?
We have crowd control on due to the massive influx of new users and resulting rule violations. Unfortunately it packages comment collapsing along with other tools that we actually need.
Censorship at its finest
Source?
This sub is shutting down comments. Why?
I think neither side deserves the land. Give it to Somalia or something.
give it to me i will do a good job promise
Some one call Houston, because this post seems to be infringing on the Astors turf!
Both sides are equally guilty of acts of atrocious nature. You are seeing one side of it publicly. I would watch and research Israel's side of similar levels of acts. You may change your mind again.
this is the stuff made public by hamas…
I’m never going to say that brutality is justified, but I’m still of the mind that Israel’s been getting more aggressive in their treatment of Palestinians over the last few years. Violence breeds violence
Watch the video of the Israeli soldier ripping a Palestinian infant from its mothers arms and windmill slam it to the ground. Fuck Israel
yes because they are trying to prevent this from happening. these are vile vile people we are talking about.
You won’t say it because you’re a coward who knows they are are wrong and fears repercussions so you will just allude to it.
Guess I have to reply here since you blocked me: ***You believe the violence is justified due to the past but are too much of a pussy to actually say it so you allude to it and then try to feign ignorance when called on it***
Not really. I have always been more sympathetic to Israel than Palestine.
I don't suppose you thought a bunch of angry indoctrinated people living in poverty and oppression will have cute protests to make a point did you? The rising sentiment in Israel is only accelerating this sort of reaction given they're not even considering the bare minimum of a two state solution, let alone that a lot of palestinians still can't even get over a Jewish state existing at all due to the indoctrination. 
You're just falling to propaganda if you see them trampling on corpses and change your mind. Perhaps it was also propaganda of dead Palestinian children that made you support them o begin with. What a weak outlook. Instead of looking at outcomes from the cycle of violence, find who started it and who is propagating it to begin with. It all started with Jews undermining the sovereignity of the ethnicities in the region by declaring a Jewish state unilaterally, then the contiuned oppression and abuse by that very Jewish state to secure its safety and that no retaliation would happen. Guess what that leads to? A hateful people who have grown up in refugee camps and poverty. So no I would not point fingers at them now and say "look at how barbaric they are" when they have created that very sentiment themselves.
 living in poverty
Tell me, where do the Palestinain leaders live? In poverty in Gaza city perhaps?
War bad. Find peace or get deleted with your enemy. The optics are bad but Russia has been doing the same things i Ukraine - yet so many confidently support the aggression.
I was always a supporter of Israel having the right to exist!!! Knowing the TRUE history of the region, I am not shocked by the heinous and horrific crimes against humanity being perpetrated by these monstrously Evil people!!! The very day the UN declared Israel the designation as a recognized entity, they offered all whose property was within the boundaries of Israel a full right to Israeli citizenship including right to vote, own property, serve in political office, etc. Some did accept that generous offer, while many others accepted instead 2nd class citizen or refugee status and spurious and ephemeral promises made to "kill all the Jews" and award the spoils to these disgruntled "Palestinians". This very name is a lie in and of itself, as Palestine was never anything more than a regional name for a territory. From 1948 on til now, Israel has striven mightily to be able to exist and prosper despite being repeatedly attacked without provocation by those seeking her demise!
lol- I just got banned for 90 days from r canada subreddit for this comment below (I also posted it there). Imagine if the mods of r canada were in Palestine/Israel, imagine how psychologically unstable you have to be to censor someone from trying to bring peace for saying the following, these people live in Canada in their nice homes and access to reddit and abundant food and neat public squares with christmas trees and low crime and yet they get raged when an anonymous poster posts their opinion on how to bring peace and stop death, imagine if these mods spent 1 day in Gaza, they would be 100x times more terrorist and extremist than Hamas! 
OP, that is because you are using emotion over logic. You literally said you are basing your opinion over the visuals of emotionally provoking scenes you saw. Obviously, as a human, the scenes were hard to watch as well, but in order to practically stop these scenes from happening in the future, there needs to be change.
Here is my take on it, by taking the immediate reactionary emotion out of it:
Obviously, the terrorist attacks on  Israel were abhorrent and should be condemned. But at the end of the day  this is not about moral value judgements. You can give moral judgements  all day, but that will not stop people from doing these kinds of  things. The only way forward is practical progress.
This  role of this radical far right government led by Bibi, who has a  history of warmongering in order to secure his own power at home, simply  cannot be ignored in terms of its role to the build up of this attack. I  mean Bibi got exactly what he wanted from this attack, just like Bush  and his neocons with 9/11. Remember when Bush said "you are either with  us or against us" then 1+ million people died in Iraq and the decade  long "war on terror" that gave rise to ISIS and the re-emergence of the  Taliban and other groups and carnage and death and hatred? They also  used it to take away the freedom of Americans domestically. Bibi also  has a history of doing this, and this latest attack benefits him  personally the most:
The  protest group Kaplan Force announced the cancellation of its  demonstration against the judicial reform planned on 7 October in Tel  Aviv. The group expressed support for the IDF, stating that they were  standing by "the IDF and the security forces carrying out their duties  during this difficult time and hope for the restoration of calm and  security". Forum 555 and Brothers in Arms,\[126\] a protest group of  reservist soldiers that organized boycotts of the military draft in  protest against the judicial reform, called on reservists to serve if  they were called up.\[63\]
[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rVPauUOVrmk](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rVPauUOVrmk)
All  Bibi has ever done is warmonger and create hate. He lied about Iraq  having WMDs and that led to a war that killed over 1 million. For the  past 2 decades, every month he has been claiming Iran is 2 months away  from a nuclear bomb. And when there was actually a nuclear deal that  brought some badly needed peace and stability to the region, and Iran  abided by, Bibi vehemently tried to crush it, and succeeded, and now  Iran went from around 5% enrichment to 84% enrichment as a result, 90%  is needed for the bomb. This is what being radical and unreasonable  does: it makes things worse, not better. Extremism begets extremism:  when you double down and leave no other option for the enemy, they will  fight back using whatever way they can, dirty or not. You can criticize  them morally but you can't stop them. But this is fine for Bibi, it is  to his and his wife's:
[https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sara\_Netanyahu#Controversy](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sara_Netanyahu#Controversy)
own  benefit, they get to get rich of Israeli tax money and continue  enjoying their luxury livestyle, while innocent Israelis die.
Also,  the following shows why this attack happened, read the last part, Bibi  and his far right extremist thinking caused it, when you corner an  animal with no way out the only thing it will do is eventually lash out,  you can blame it all you want but 10 times out of 10 it will happen.  You can give moral value judgements as much as you want but it won't  practically stop these things from happening. Look how hard it is to  live in Canada, but we still have it much better than much of the world,  now imagine you are a kid in Gaza whose parents were killed by an  Israeli airstrike then you poor access to education and internet and  then you have nothing to lose and Hamas comes to recruit you and offers  you a goal in life and a sense of community. Regardless of value  judgements, practically, is this going to raise or lower the chances of  Hamas getting more recruits? Well factual historical evidence has shown  the answer to this. So you can sit here and condemn them all day, call  them terrorist, etc.. call for Gaza to get bombed even more, but this  will not change things, it will just prolong the cycle of violence.
Look  at the latter half of the bottom quote, when you keep expanding your  settlements, keep acting radical and corner an animal with no way out  and with nothing to lose, you can blame it all you want but eventually  it will end up lashing out one way or another:
Andreas  Kluth, a former writer for The Economist, wrote in his Bloomberg News  column that Hamas "torched Biden's deal to remake the Middle East",  arguing that the deal that was being discussed between Saudi Arabia,  Israel and the United States would have left Palestinians in the cold,  so the group decided to "blow the whole thing up." He added that, viewed  from Gaza, things were only going to get worse, considering that  Netanyahu's coalition partners, who opposed a two-state solution for the  conflict and would prefer to annex the entirety of the West Bank, even  at the expense of turning Israel into an apartheid state.\[151\]
[https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/October\_2023\_Gaza%E2%88%92Israel\_conflict](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/October_2023_Gaza%E2%88%92Israel_conflict)
And  now Bibi wants to continue what he always did: act radical, stubborn,  he will bomb Gaza to bits and kill 1000s of civilians, creating more  hatred for Israel and will cause an even more extremist organization  than Hamas to pop up in some years. This is actually how Hamas was  created in the first place: previous Palestinian militants were less  extreme. But years of Bibi's radicalism and continuous expanding of  illegal settlements (that even the USA criticized!) and mistreatment of  civilians in Gaza, restriction access to water, electricity, basic  infrastructure, policing their every movement with 1000s of checkpoints,  humiliation, suffering, etc..  ultimately pissed off and humiliated the  people in Gaza so much that they chose Hamas to represent them.
If  Israel is truly a democratic and civilized country they need to rise up  to the occasion and show this. The only way to break this cycle of  violence is to act rational and reasonable, and do things differently.  If they start treating people in Gaza with more respect and allow them  to improve infrastructure and living standards, and stop their radical push for unlimited illegal expansion of settlements, eventually extremists  like Hamas will lose support and there will be less hatred and more  peace. A civilized democratic country does not "torture back".. they say  we will not stoop to their level, we are better than this, and we will  abide by international law. Bottom line is, something has to give for  there to be change/to end this cycle of hatred and violence, and  unfortunately with far right radical power hungry leaders like Bibi this  cannot happen.
All I got from this was: It's Bibi's fault. 
sigh.
I fell Britain did not annexed others and played forty divisions ! I wish they never existed
Absolutely horrible situation all way around. Too much bad history between the two sides here. As an outsider looking in, it’s honestly kind of difficult to see a resolution that would stop all of the aggression. 
However, I’m not from that area and am not a part of either side so my opinion is not as well informed. 
It just seems to me that both Israelis and Palestinians claim these places as home and historically sacred, and have for thousands of years , and do not want to give up what they believe to be their homes.
Wow, maybe don't just take in one day of news before you make a decision
well said couldnt agree more.
No I have not. Still pro-Palestine.
I don't think Hamas' actions in Gaza justifies Israel's behavior in the West Bank. But I do hope Israel can wipe out Hamas since they are responsible for much of the resentment Israelis have against Palestinians. Once Hamas is eliminated, there needs to be significant international pressure for Israel to treat Jewish and Palestinian people equally.
If the US State Department stopped pumping endless billions of tax dollars into the Israeli war machine this situation would’ve ended thirty years ago. 
And if the international community had applied against Israel even one-tenth of the economic sanctions it applied against Russia there would be a permanent peace settlement within weeks.
i am not ready for the storm that is going to burst out man, we all say that this how its been between them but this is the first time both parties are equally aggressive
 shit
/u/dead_the_kid. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Genuine question, can you show me a video or link something in which the IDF paraded bodies of naked/beaten/raped/mutiliated women whilst israelis spat and cheered?
The Israeli government takes land from the Palestinians every year. This has nothing to do with the land lost during the war. These are land grabs. Look at the map of Israel 10 years ago versus today. They kick the Palestinians out of their homes by force and build settlements.
This creates hate.
Israel should have just built a wall around their borders and stopped expanding. Let the Palestinians cry but cry with the land they have. 
The government of Israel is to blame. Not innocent people. Hamas should not have killed anyone innocent. That's just wrong and solves nothing
We all saw the same things from both parts. I don't stand with anyone because both are murderers and war criminals, i stand only for peace and i grieve every civillian that has died in this conflict unabel to do nothing to avoid it.
Both are morally bankrupt, always have been.  Try to be better.
The entire region is nothing but vile people and cultists. Anything that has to do with religion will find no sympathy from me. The civilians have the same amount of blame to put on them as their fanatical government for supporting their 'superior' ideology . 
Religion kills, so we need to kill religion.
Sorry, which government and civilians are you referring to?
Totally agree. The same here.
No. I've always believed that given the chance, either side would genocide the other at the drop of a hat if they could get away with it. I still believe it.
Israel could have genocided Palestine for decades yet they still haven't. Palestine just massacred and raped hundreds at a concert.
Hearing 230 people slaughterd at a music festival. I think I would make those pay dearly.
Now they are taking fire from Lebanon by hezzbola
Praying for the people of isreal.
Remind me again, who owns that land?
Both have historical claims. 
Remind me again, how many peace proposals has Palestine rejected in favor of war?
De facto? Either Israel or the people who democratically elected the terrorist Hamas government, take your pick.
While the surface level conflicts are about land and resources, they are fueled by religious dogma. The leadership are warring over physical things but the source of conflict over THIS PARTICULAR strip of land is never going away. There is no solution because the fervor supercedes any rational concerns. It will never end, even when this round is over. So it doesn't feel great supporting anyway, knowing any halt in bloodshed will only ever be temporary.
100% agree
S’all fucked
 fucked
/u/KaedrX. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
At least your buddy got to die high!
My mind hasn’t changed, I’ve always supported the Palestinian want of independence and right to live on that land while condemning Hamas. And I have always supported Israeli people and their right to live on that land while condemning the far right anti Palestine government
What happened its definetely terrorism
No. Just as the age of small film cameras and video cameras changed how we perceive war about 80 years ago, the age of the ubiquitous cellphone camera, sending unedited raw, close to real time war footage has changed how we perceive war as well.
We've seen the horribleness of Hamas committing war crimes, because its been lived streamed. Portraits of victims where shown smiling, and humanized given human names and faces. But make no mistake, Israel has already killed more civilians in this latest incident, and that has gone entirely unrelated because no one is parading their names and faces around on the news.
We can condemn both sides for violence, but again, there was always a back and forth with neither side really having its hands clean. Israel having a right to defend herself is not a blank check for warcrimes. At this point, the war resembles not an outright onslaught, but the realities
That said, the one thing I've learned about war, is that total war is a thing, and once both sides have really comitted there is no real right and wrong, just winners and loosers. At this point, dice fall where they may. Neither side really has a moral high ground. Like most of the other conflicts around the globe that we are presented, where the US/West isn't presented as having an interest in, and the victims are names rather than faces.
Dice fall where they may. No one has their hands clean, everyone is pursuing a blood and soil ethnostates.
Hamas, knew what they where doing, which was cause as much shock, outrage, and blood to provoke a response to keep hostilities going that would create more angry bitter hamas supporters. Also derail a Saudi-Israeli peace deal, and make Israel choose from either looking weak, or bloodthirsty.
My position is the same as it was yesterday, is that Israel cannot tell the US it has moral superiority over other states in the region, the west does not need outposts, nor are they are bastion of US/European values and must justify their position in what they do for US, not "just because we are here".
But I'd repeat your call for a both-sides ceasefire. Big reason: No reason to let what is essentially a Likud-Hamas thirst for blood spill out and create a larger conflict and further destabilize the region.
I’m with you. I tend to hold Israel to a higher standard be the big person type of shit. With that said the blatant murder and abduction of the innocent is too far for me. They don’t even pretend to give a shit along with the rest of the middle east. Israel at this point has a duty to help all the terrorists achieve martyr status. With that said I’d feel a lot differently about the collateral damage if Hamas just stuck to military targets. With that said I kinda see why they can’t.
 shit
/u/wishtherunwaslonger. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Trying to impose archaic religious beliefs in a modern world. Dumbass people do dumbass shjt
Why does Iran hate Israel so much?  So deeply?  Clearly I’m missing something here.
I'll give you 2 guesses and I bet you'll get it.
i have not changed my mind, must be more resilient to blatant propaganda than you
Yeah weird siding with mass murdering Palestinian rapists, but the world is filled with ugly people.
must be more resilient to blatant propaganda
You mean the propaganda that Hamas posted online themselves kidnapping, raping, murdering innocent people, many children and people not even from Israel?
This is a very important moment in time that we should all remember. There are currently Kibbutzim that are being attacked and/or abandoned with no IDF support. These are very much left-leaning people living on communes. These are the opposition to a lot of the extreme right-wing people who occupy the Israeli government right now. If what I hear is correct, there are still three Kibbutzim that are sitting ducks and the IDF is not providing them any protection.
I would think that because they are on Kibbutzim, that they would be either a little right leaning, or that the Right would favor them for taking the land
I might not understand the Kibbutzim well.
Aren't they people living on lands that were slowly taken from "palestine".?
If so, I would expect the right to appreciate them for occupying land that was taken .
I might be mistaken in any number of things though
Ngl, killing children and women is against what islam taught us
But i still stand with Palestine, since day one and till the end of time
How old are you?
Tf?
No i have not
Justice become scorn, everyone is in the wrong
Who themselves? We can only pray 🙏🏻
This has been removed for breaking the Reddit Content Policy.
Pro-genocide I see.
Imagine the CCP reading these comments feeling vindicated that they did the right thing in Xinjiang locking up Uyghur civilians because of a terrorist minority
https://preview.redd.it/ql65p0chwzsb1.png?width=1080&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=16d6b30e765440a453818ba2a8fdd78dba8d9f4e
Back than u didn't change your mind
You mean after Gaza barraged the entire country with their missiles and Israel finally attacked back? 
You wanna compare that to candies given out for murdering innocents?
Parading corpses of naked women down the streets with a crowd cheering?
Nice to know what you support and stand for 🙏
How can you compare 3 people to thousands of terrorists slaughtering innocent civilians?
Dont even try, scumbag. 
We have seen the LARGE support palestinians have for Hamas and how they descecrate the bodies. 
Its not even close. We have seen the celebrations in major cities all around Europe of the killing and raping of innocent, even tourists who CLEARLY have ni ethnic relation to Israel.
 ass
/u/Bengoris. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Geez...
 fuckup
/u/dulce_et_sapidum. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Then you were always a liberal, never a leftist.  If the people being oppressed fighting back is a problem for you.
You aren't a leftist if you think raping women and slitting children's throats on livestream is "fighting back"
Stripping women naked, parading them around and taking hundreds of sex slaves is fighting back?
They are just following their religion. Don’t they have the right to follow Islam? Hear me out:
Their prophet asked his companions to capture women of invaded non Muslims, rape them and the take them as slaves. **When some companions objected he said that doing so would please Allah and so his companions raped those women.** Now following in the Prophet’s footsteps is considered Sunnah and a great virtue. **So Hamas guys are just doing it to please Allah.**
Never expect Muslim fighters to not rape women during war because while other cultures have a few bad apples, their religion actively encourages it.
https://www.hrw.org/news/2023/08/28/west-bank-spike-israeli-killings-palestinian-children
Killing children is leftist praxis now?
 fucked
/u/Bobambu. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
From what I’ve read, Israel and Palestine were both promised the land and Israel won two wars therefore got the land. How is that displacing them if they too were promised land and won wars?
As far as I know, that’s how war has worked for the past few hundred years. And I’m being serious, I’m open to hearing your point of view.
 fucked
/u/greeb0_o. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
This.
/u/Chess_Shark. 'Nazis' Casual comments and analogies are inflammatory and therefor not allowed.  
We allow for exemptions for comments with meaningful information that must be based on historical facts accepted by mainstream historians. See [Rule 6](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_6._nazi_comparisons) for details.  
This bot flags comments using simple word detection, and cannot distinguish between acceptable and unacceptable usage. Please take a moment to review your comment to confirm that it is in compliance.
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Disgusting. You think only these atrocities are one-sided? I either naivety graced me the way it does you; the world would be much simpler
An eye for an eye. You don't get to act like a savage animal and get away with it. No, the situation isn't as simple as we'd like it to be, but that's life. Whatever wrongs the Israel's did unto the Palestinian people, I never saw bodies being paraded in god's name.There will be retribution and things as we know it will change. Especially for the Palestinian people. For the peaceful ones who don't agree with Hamas' actions, I hope they manage to escape to a better life.
I have long been biased more towards the Israelian side than the Palestinian, but this realization you suddenly had strikes me as extremely naive.
Of course the result of this barbaric attack is going to be very bloody for both sides, but your idea that things would get better if we just took “a harder stance” towards all kind of abhorrent behavior sounds laughably simple-minded to me. It sounds like you had no idea what went on in the real world, other than the most saccharine and simple media narratives.
Abuses against civilians generally elicits disgust on the world stage, but the power to intervene is very limited. The world is not a civilized society, like many countries are within themself, where an imperfect but functioning system of justice exists.
On the world stage, it is still “the law of the jungle” that is in effect. This puts a strong limit on how just the interaction between countries can ever be, and it will always be extremely hypocritical. The US for example, has a far better system of society and values to offer to the world, than China or Russia. Yet the amount of abuses that the US is directly responsible for on the world stage, that runs totally contrary to those values, are more numerous than wheat in a field.
I also wonder what those “harder stances” you advocate for actually entails? If you are advocating for more flattening of houses than are strictly necessary from a military standpoint, then are you in any way better than the civilians in Gaza who are cheering for the kidnapped Israelis?
Are kidnapping and rape of women at gun point worse than deliberately dooming innocent children and their families to die horrible deaths by being buried alive? I would actually argue that the latter is worse.
If you look at Afghanistan and how the US tried to weed out terrorism, it doesn't work. I think one day the world will see that when it comes to radical islamists, you need to end the problem decisively. Is it any better? Maybe not. What do you propose? Letting your people get butchered? Visit Gaza yourself. Walk through the streets. See if they're welcoming and tolerant of you. If everyone would go home and leave each other alone it would be preferable.  But this is real life. Some people don't get the option of rolling to the other side of the bed and moving on. At the end of the day it's my opinion. I'm not in government declaring war. I only see the suffering of civilians being glorified or excused as the actions of an oppressed people. It isn't excusable to me. Terrorism is terrorism.
They killed me friends. They killed Jews, Arabs, Druze, Christians. They just kill.
Pure destruction and hate....i guess thats what their leaders om earth and in their heads teach them...
Yeah it's about as bad as what Israeli troops have been doing for years isn't it?
Palestinians and Hamas are not the same.
 fucked
/u/themarkula. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
 fuck
/u/alundrixx. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
This is something very condescending and ignorant to write. The Jews went through the holocaust because of antisemitism and 6 million of them were murdered because of this shit. The truth is that we have always been so hated and abused in the world that without Israel we would have disappeared from the face of the earth. The State of Israel exists because we have nowhere else to go. Besides, this land is sacred to all three religions. This country is of great importance to both sides from a national, survival, historical, cultural, and religious point of view. And Why do you think there is so much debate and destruction around this issue if "no one gives a fuck."
 shit
/u/Primary_Ad6188. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Of course the Canadian doesn’t care about taking peoples land— how’d you guys treat First Nation peoples?
100% accurate truth that is going to have to be repeated thousands of times from now on. Good luck with it.
This. Hamas is a terrorist organization whose entire strategy is to attack Israel in the hopes that any counterattack will radicalize more Palestinians to join them or garner increased international sympathy. I’m not a Palestinian, but I feel confident saying that a majority of the Palestinian people do not support Hamas or it’s actions.
This is not unique to Muslims. Russians have been doing this in Ukraine for more than a year.
All religions are wrong, but one isn't worse than another.
Give me your sources where Russians are taking sex slaves. The biggest difference here is that the founder of the religion of Islam asked his followers to rape captured non Muslim women. Some individual mishaps in an army are nowhere close to a culture that promotes abducting women from invaded tribes and taping them to please Allah.
 shit
/u/kndyone. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Agreed. I think this is why the vile leaders of Hamas and Hezbollah decided it would strike. Peace would be a success for those who want to see democracy fail. Saudis and Russia are funding these strikes, as they are up to no good in Ukraine. This is just a distraction so they can pull something worse.
 shitty
/u/smsrelay. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
ESH
Why because they’re fighting for their homeland that was taken from them?
Nah, cause they're raping and murdering civilians indiscriminately to do it. Even elderly. They want what they view as their homeland but clearly intend on committing genocide to do it. Can't and won't stand by that. I fully support Israel after this event.
Was it not originally the Jewish homeland that they were massacred off of? There is no way to sell this story without pointing out the many genocides the Jews have endured. It's Jewish land. Palestinians should just move.
That’s what happens during war.
The irony
So that makes it okay to kill hundreds and wound thousands of civilians?
 shit
/u/EpochalV1. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Because **your** an idiot.
Not this sentence again.
If I showed you an image of a flat Earth you would suddenly change your mind a be like “WOW in light of this one piece of evidence I can 100% believe and be firm in my conviction that the Earth is in fact flat”.
This entire argument is a strawman.
If you want to have proper and engaging discussions with people, and you truly intend to change people's minds, try not to insult them; try to steelman their arguments before arguing against them.
So you're a  terrorist supporter? Love to watch arabs kill jewish  children and cut their throats isn't you?
You realize they basically hate and look down upon any one who isn’t Jewish? In their scripture we’re all just “Gentiles”, whom - if they had their way - would serve only to be slaves to the Jewish people for the rest of eternity.
Ok, this is not true. Your statement is pure anti-semitism.
What are they trying to reclaim that is there's? I think that's a bit debatable and to say Israel is propped up is ignoring the history of the situation. I've been pro-Palestine since I've known of this situation but the Palestinians have never gone to this level. 
What exactly is rightfully theirs? If it were theirs, why isn't it then? This isn't the West Bank where there are illegal settlements.
How is Israel propped up? They've defended themselves during their past.
Iran and the other terrorist states are always ready to help stir hate and discontent plus supply weapons and rockets.
happy cake day!
Reading this post, I felt exactly like you. 
It feels disingenuous and inauthentic.
They aren't really, without the US they would have crumbled a long time ago. They aren't even led by faith anymore as most of their politicians are corrupt and criminals. They do horrible things to innocent people and rarely punish the guilty...
Just stop. They are not "gods chosen". Jesus came, fulfilled that covenant and created a new one, where the followers of Jesus are the chosen. You're either Jewish or some kind of gullible protestant that learned from televangelists that got paid by Israel to push the idea that Christians need to protect Jews.
Explain the logic behind the so-called "chosen" literally killing God? And God creating a church that is wholly incompatible with the beliefs of his "chosen"? And there's much more obvious reasons they are so powerful, but even saying they are powerful is by definition, antisemitism so I won't go into that.
 Fuck
/u/Jay_J_Okocha. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
You actually think this? Oh my
/u/Mr_28_Spaces. 'Hitler' Casual comments and analogies are inflammatory and therefor not allowed.  
We allow for exemptions for comments with meaningful information that must be based on historical facts accepted by mainstream historians. See [Rule 6](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_6._nazi_comparisons) for details.  
This bot flags comments using simple word detection, and cannot distinguish between acceptable and unacceptable usage. Please take a moment to review your comment to confirm that it is in compliance.
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
 dumbass
/u/tranceorange91. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Until they get elected to form the government, and by ALL appearances have widespread public support.
 shit
/u/banned_from_10_subs. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Death to Gaza, say bye bye
Suck a dick
 dick
/u/Poskmyst. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Disgusting
And so will hamas
a new parking lot for tanks? i agree
 Fuck
/u/TheCheesiestEchidna. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
 assholes
/u/ZubiChamudi. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
What a stupid comment.
Is empathy for victims of terrorism a trump supporter thing now?
Trump is the biggest Israel dick sucker in the world. Fuck him and fuck every pathetic moron that supports him.
Trump supporters don't have empathy.
If you think there are 'good people on both sides' then yes
Paint the Palestinians worse? Are you blind
I encourage you to read some of the comments on the Gaza Now telegram channel
I know Israelis personally and trust me,  They're not the bad guys.
Nonesense, it's propaganda that Hamas is sharing themself on their Telegram channels etc
Izreal can cut the shit too, definitely and islam has proven unable to handle government. Its giving me a headache just thinking about such a shitshow
 shit
/u/SAGNUTZ. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
STOP TRYING TO JUSTIFY GENOCIDE AND TERRORISM! This has NOTHING to do with the actions of Isreal, these people are cold blooded terrorists.
Literally by no definition are the Jews getting genocided by the Palestinians. Yeah it's terrorism, and terrorism is wrong. But what do you expect? That's how you make terrorists. If you hurt , kill and steal someone's land, and they have no nonviolent recourse against it, you'll get terrorism.
Stop bringing in context? Like you can absolutely condemn the actions of hamas while also criticizing what israel has done in the region. Personally i support neither side. Hamas is a terrorist org and israel has been surpressing palestinians.  
Obviously i condemn the actions of hamas, i also will not pick a side to the conflict.
I think I took a rather neutral perspective, Israel has been killing and tormenting Palestinians for years even during times that that battle was at a cease fire. I'm not justifying anything they are both wrong and both sinful. Blood is on both of their hands!
Israelis don’t target music festivals. It’s not the same thing.
 fuck
/u/NearbyAlgae1319. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Two wrongs don’t make a right
 fuck
/u/PakLivTO. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
HAMAS is the Palestinian government, which is comprised of the "civilians".
 Fuck
/u/o10001110101o. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Okay, Osama.
Defending against illegal occupiers and ethnic cleansing makes me Osama? I'm from the UK, which has tried to right most of its wrongs. When will Israel do the same?
Never gonna happen thankfully.
No horse in this race as a westerner, but is kidnapping and killing children really "fighting back? Seems to me it's just terrorism.
There’s a difference between supporting Palestine and supporting SELF-PROCLAIMED islamist groups within Palestine. You should support the people of Iraq and Syria without supporting ISIS, so you should do the same for the people of Palestine regarding Hamas.
Supporting Palestine is equal to supporting a country that doesn't care about human rights.
Yes and the more children they murder the BETTER!!!.
Do you do this when Israel kills children?
 fucking
/u/InsertEdgyNameHere. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
No LOL
Israel doesn't intentionally murder civilians though. All your wishing Israel away won't do shit, man. Palestine is about to feel the full force of Israel's military. Yall fucked up
 shit
/u/27bluestar. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Please. 
The rest of the world know you fake the pictures. We know Israel is nice enough to say ”we are bombing x building” with plenty of time to evacuate. 
The rest of the world are tired. We are tired of lying piece of shit palestines who support a terrorist regime. 
If you cant differate between the above scenario and murdering innocent civilians on your way to a festival camp, murder them all including tourists then you are beyond saving. 
Its not even remotly close. 
And, your username is wrong. Its an insult to the rastafarians that a scum like you are trying ti mimic them.
 shit
/u/Wez4prez. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Hey seal team 6 this guy right here! I found the child raping throat cutting terrorist!
Maybe don't kidnap, rape, murder, and desecrate corpses of civilians?
Israel offered them peace and land multiple times. They don’t understand language of peace. Enough is enough.
They shouldn't have started a war then.
This argument doesn't make sense. The recent Palestinian actions are an obvious recipe to severely increase, not decrease Palestinian civilian deaths.
 ass
/u/Skerv001. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Allah Hu Akbar eeeeeee. The hamas are dumb AF
 fuck
/u/desultoryquest. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Does not change the facts he said:)
You sound suspiciously like a same sides shill.
Israelis have been rounding up civilians, raping and murdering the women and parading their corpses around?. 
Huh, TIL...
They’ve certainly been murdering them and their corpses have been paraded. You know you can google that right
 fucking
/u/efjnwefjwnfewfejnj. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Raping and killing woman children and other civilians, beheading soldiers, parading with trophies????
If you justify that, what do you stand for?
Show me the video of israel doing something like [this](https://reddit.com/r/pics/s/dps2nRqjtb) and I'll gladly join the Palestinian side with you
u/qTp_Meteor  
Ok HYG, I have plenty of those too.  
[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qyWKwH73rHc](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qyWKwH73rHc)
Ah yes please take factually inaccurate information and run with it. Show us the videos of Israeli soldiers committing war crimes and them not being punished for it…
Please for gods sake read the hamas charter and ask yourself how you have to defend yourself against someone whose stated goal is your destruction. Don’t defend Hamas. Hamas is the fundamental cause of the misery in Gaza. It’s  not difficult to see this operation has been planned to deflect from recent internal unrest and root the people against the external enemy.  The retaliation will be severe and the civilians will pay a heavy price but that doesn’t bother Hamas because they hide behind their civilians and fight from within schools and hospitals. I urge the well meaning people of Gaza to topple this terror regime. Show that you care for the future of your children more than you hate the Jews.
 Fuck
/u/munganese. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
This. Yes, terrible things happen on both sides. That's the nature of war,   but when you zoom out to the bigger picture, Isreal is the aggressor. There is a clear good and bad.
Lmao actively supporting terrorist. Way to be.
You could view the IDF and israeli population as terrorists as well, they also have murdered and raped innocents while invading palestinian land and taking it from them and destroying holy sites. Both sides in this war aren't good, supporting either side is pretty stupid because they frankly both deserve it. Both sides have committed atrocities and not one of them is justified in doing so.
this is their last resort
Many wouldn't care if they only attacked as a last resort.
The slaughtering of civilians, parading their bodies around and celebrating that is what makes them no better than their opponents.
The only positive future for the Palestinians is to give up control and become citizens of Israel. There will be nothing but war in the future otherwise, wars they will lose and suffer in.
Bad look. Hope you end up on the no fly list you terrorist sympathizer.
I hope we don’t see any kids from you 🙏
Screw that. If Hamas threw their weapons into the sea there would be peace, if Israel did, there would be no more Israel, these people are scum.
If Hamas threw weapons into the sea there would be no palestine at all.
Yeah right. You're a liar or a fool.
 Fuck
/u/Marchtothesea85. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
If you're never the one to start the conflicts, you're not the terrorists.
They have literally held Palestinians in an open air prison and constantly have bombed them and harassed them. They are the aggressors and always will be. They are fascists.
 ass
/u/OneStickyBooger. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Fuck you bot. Free speech ass.
Do you ask for your food to be chewed for you? It's all over reddit.. if you open your eyes.
https://www.reddit.com/r/2ndYomKippurWar/comments/173298l/video_of_a_wounded_filipino_worker_in_israel/
u/Creative_Tradition33  
You're a pussy  
Rule 1, don't attack other users.  
Addressed.
 bullshit
/u/Brave_Armadillo5298. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
 bullshit
/u/Beneficial_Bee_6779. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Less than a day later at that
 fuck
/u/AdFabulous5340. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
 shit
/u/Striking_Rough2994. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Which ones?
Free for all
 assholes
/u/EddiePizzareli. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
bad bot
I agree. Also I am probably talking out my butt here but - it’s not as simple as just freeing them is it? They need someplace to go. 
Still my butt taking probably but I wish one of the neighboring Islamic countries would offer to take them in. But I guess instead they arm them. 
I am as far from this situation as I can be so idk. It’s a real mess and a shame that’s what I do know.
 ass
/u/gishlich. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Israel should integrate them, they should have done it long ago, instead they keep pushing down on them
As for the hypocrisy of neighbours, I won't even dare to speak
There is a reason that no one will take them in.
damn Jewish trees
There is no Palestinian leadership that's different in this regard.
Well why has the PA not launched an all out offensive against Israel but Hamas has done?
Palestinians elected hamas and are supporting them so even if not all Palestinians most of them
Hamas was elected because the plo was corrupt and Hama a anti corruption stance helped Hamas win but then Hamas launched a coup after they were going to lose
Not just Hamas but not every Palestinian movement
Well that’s just wrong, i dont remember the PA or PLO invade Israel in recent history as far as I know
The conflict is a factor older than me and you can't deny that both sides have messed up over time. And you have to say, unfortunately, that the Palestinian propaganda is really good, which unfortunately has a big impact if you don't hear too much from the region.
But yesterday was just a new dimension of cruelty.
It might sound stupid in a situation like that, but afterwards you're always smarter, it's really a pity that it took so long.
that the Palestinian propaganda is really good
I think you are just willfully blind, and I don't mean this as a personal offense against you.
Hamas' charter is a genocidal manifesto against Jews, has been since 1988. It's been available for all to see, even [translated to English.](https://avalon.law.yale.edu/20th_century/hamas.asp) The Palestinian president has a PHD in holocaust denial, and the PLO is a terrorist organization that is [paying Palestinians to murder Israelis](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Palestinian_Authority_Martyrs_Fund).
Europeans have been funding these organization for years. [€296 million this year alone.](https://www.eeas.europa.eu/delegations/palestine-occupied-palestinian-territory-west-bank-and-gaza-strip/eu-announces-€296-million-support-palestinian-people_en?s=206)
For comparison sake, the EU allocated [€181.5 million this year](https://civil-protection-humanitarian-aid.ec.europa.eu/news-stories/news/west-and-central-africa-eu-allocates-eu1815-million-humanitarian-aid-2023-2023-02-06_en) for humanitarian aid in West and Central Africa.
You guys are funding this massacre.
There are plenty of non Jews Who lives in israle
Yes, and it's their homeland too.
He means all  Israel
Some have. But they’re still descendants of colonists. Jews still have a right to the land.
According to their own history, the land was first occupied by the native Canaanite people that the Israelites killed and conquered. If the “descendants of colonists” don’t have a right to the land, then neither do the Jews.
And then Mexico can take back Texas!
Not marriage due to how the antiquated marriage law is intimately linked with religion, but they are recognized by the state. Gay and trans people openly serve in public offices, and if I'm not mistaken Israel had a trans performer win Eurovision around the late 90s early 00s. Hell, as much as I absolutely can't stand Netanyahu and any of his cronies, he appointed an openly gay man to an office in the government. Absolutely none of that is going to fly in Palestinian controlled lands, and in fact your life would be wrecked if so.
 They take issue with the fact that they are born as second class citizens with less rights than other people in the country.
You're not wrong here, I agree. There is systemic racism at play. I'm an American. For the systemic racism in my country we can look to MLK as an ideal minority that white's should see minorities as first, and for blacks to aspire to be like. Now back to Israel, where is the MLK of the Palestinians? Rather than just assuming that Palestinian Arabs and African Americans are identical to each other, let's step back and agree that they are not. They are both fully worthy of equality of rights and respect as are all people, however there is an ideological divide that makes all the difference. The ideology that refuses to compromise and wants to cleanse the land of an ethnic group cannot be tolerated. And I'm not saying that Israel can do no wrong, far from it, Israel is fucked up. But how does one compromise with the uncompromisable?
 fucked
/u/thesegoupto11. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
I understand what you mean. But what I’m trying to get at that murder against innocents isn’t justified in any context or circumstance. And right now, the Hamas of Palestine who are Muslim have created an International devastation. For Israeli Jews and citizens alike.
Hamas did not start an international devastation. The audacity you have to try and flip the script like this is appalling. How can you say this when atrocities are exchanged every day? You are latching onto one, large-scale instance because one large wound seems worse than a death by a thousand cuts, in a conflict which has been going on before you or I walked this earth. No one here is justifying murder of innocents, but people in this thread keep putting words into others' mouths like they are adding to the conversation instead of acknowledging their own biases and hypocrisies
Dude they literally tell them they’re going to bomb and send out translators with their team to warn civilians. They’re not savages. And are you actually defending Hamas? They’re legit terrorists. I don’t care what Israel has done in the past, get over it. But I have never seen or heard of Israel doing what Palestine is. The Hamas are literally killing innocent people! Why not just the IDF? Why target civilians and rape underaged girls? If you think that’s justice, you’ve been brainwashed.
https://youtu.be/BMicJOgjxaU?si=M0NXugH6JgcdH3Cr
Is 57 seconds a fair warning?
Israel has committed their fair share of atrocities too. What Hamas is doing is not justice, but to say:
 I don’t care what Israel has done in the past, get over it.
Is ridiculous.
 dipshits
/u/AzizAlhazan. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
But I do agree with the last part you said, any side killing innocents for justice or freedom is the terrorist. This just really affects everyone I know. They’re from Israel. They are here visiting, they’re lucky they’re safe, but they can’t go back. They’re in hiding. And their children only 19 and 20 have to go fight a war they weren’t prepared for. I can’t do anything to make it better, no one can. I just wish this could be over and im sure you do too. I wish the world could just have one less war, one less genocide, and one less day full of crime. It’s painful. The injustice hurts. It feels even worse being here not being able to make my family feel better or protect them. It’s beyond politics, it’s just basic humanity.
Only one throughout time my friend, there have been individuals, people of power with sick twisted views, but here the religion itself is a sick toxic thing. people go over extreme lengths because of their religious education/brainwashing
Nah bro when they arrived they had nothing, built it from the ground up, Israel is what it is today because of its people whereas in the same timeline of you look at the Palestinian population they have done nothing but piss and moan facilitate terror just due to mere presence of Jews which do not align with their religion agenda! Judaism is progressive whereas Islam is archaic. Even just look at the Allies of Palestine, Iran we all have been protesting against Iran considering their recent action on their womenfolk. Archaic customs , tradition and religions should be exterminated. Remember people it's alright to have faith, but religion be it any religion is a waste of time , resources and intellectual power .
Israel never stripped Arab women naked and paraded them around in a truth. Native Americans wouldn’t do that either. Hamas Muslims are doing it just because their Prophet Muhammad asked them to rape captured non Muslim women.
Their prophet asked his companions to capture women of invaded non Muslims, rape them and the take them as slaves. **When some companions objected he said that doing so would please Allah and so his companions raped those women.** Now following in the Prophet’s footsteps is considered Sunnah and a great virtue. **So Hamas guys are just doing it to please Allah.**
Never expect Muslim fighters to not rape women during war because while other cultures have a few bad apples, their religion actively encourages it.
https://www.reddit.com/r/PublicFreakout/comments/172sqhr/exidf_soldier_explaining_atrocities_while_laughing/
The fuck is MEPA news?
Thanks for the propaganda.
The IDF never stepped Arab women naked and paraded them around in a truck though
 Fuck
/u/Futanari_waifu. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
This level of gaslighting is incredible. Since 2008, 10x the number of Palestinians have been killed compared to Israelis. Palestinians have disproportionately suffered more throughout the entire history of this conflict compared to Israelis. 
Also where do you expect people to evacuate to in an area which is blockaded by Israel?
 If we do "knock on the roof" and tell children and families to evacuate the house, and they don't evacuate and then the building...
...is then torn down because we don't like it there.
FTFY. What a delusional and deceptive analogy.
Gaza is not Afghanistan. It's flat and undefended, the fighters there don't have the same geographic advantage that the Taliban had in Afghanistan. The only "advantage" they have is using civilians as human shields
Dios santo poder this is a awful take. Israeli forces, with all they have suffered, took their anger out against palestinian civilians and children. Just in this past year alone, by the end of august 34 palestinian children have been murdered by these so called "victims"
How do you think Islam spread from turkey to Indonesia?
A combination of violent conquest and conversion. Palestinians aren't synonymous with Muslims though.
In Indonesia? trade, conversion and slightly a conquest. The Muslim Kingdom comes after the Fall of Majapahit tho
 fucked
/u/HerrBerg. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
I was all for Palestinians living in Israel as free citizens, but it seems like majority of them don't want that.
After yesterday, there is no such thing as Palestinian civilians. If I were a Palestinian civilian with morals I would join Israel to help eradicate Hamas. 
Also it doesn't seem like a few. A lot of them are celebrating, and no Palestinian/Muslim celebrity is posting in support of Israel.
 fuck
/u/Betyg. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Because it’s unrealistic and too late for a Jewish state proposition anyway, they’re not going anywhere, they’re established in Israel
Well that's kind of what Palestinians in that region feel too, so, good luck with that
Yep, lets just completely disregard the history of 3000+ years and connection of the Jews to their homeland and offer them an autonomy in Ohio. Come on dude.
Jewish people have a strong claim to that land. They were pushed out centuries ago. I personally would love it if all of Israel was relocated to the US, but it's their homeland and they want to protect it.
Because Jews are the indigenous people of Israel - if one side needs to form a country elsewhere, then it should be the Palestinians. 
*Edit: Autocorrect changed "Palestinians" to "past"... It's like a Freudian slip for the computer - weird!*
There used to be other ideas re a place for Jewish people to settle - the main reason it ended up being Palestine was WW2 and that things suddenly started happening, that Britain pulled out because they didn't know what to do, that the European refugees were ready and simply got it done (e.g., declared the state of Israel), the Palestinian side had nothing to really counter that (as in, they were not in a state to take over from the British and organize the region), responded with the first war against Israel (together with Lebanon, Syria, Iraq, and Egypt), lost it, lost territory that had been officially theirs before the war, and the rest is history. Yes it would have benefitted both sides if Israel hadn't been created where it is now, but it's not like somebody sat down and thought this was a good idea.
They did, look at Israel’s growth over the years
You are correct. Allergy medication got me woozy
Depends what your searching? Al Jazeera? Progaganda changes your opinion.
You may source your information from propaganda channels that prop up your beliefs, I choose not to.
If you look at intentional civilian deaths, Israel has far more casualties. 
I'm not surprised but not because of Israeli "crimes" but because of the propaganda and anti semetism taught in Palestinian territories
Where are you getting your statistics? Every [source](https://www.vox.com/2014/7/21/5923103/this-chart-shows-every-israeli-and-palestinian-death-since-fighting) I can [find](https://www.statista.com/chart/16516/israeli-palestinian-casualties-by-in-gaza-and-the-west-bank/) shows exponentially more palestinian lives have been lost since 6 million jews entered palestine over the last 100 years and took most of it for themselves by force.
They can believe whatever they want but I feel Jesus and Santa will defeat all comers
you using one "arab girl" proves his point
Shes the only arab girl i follow and thus 100% of them propagate antisemitic rhetoric
Islam is not doing that.
 Fuck
/u/thethreat88. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
what the actual fuck
 fuck
/u/Mountain_Judgment_90. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
This what people defending Islam and Muslims don’t understand. All believing Muslims also believe that Muhammad was the most perfect human being and that he was always right. It literally is a cornerstone of their faith and it’s a great sin not to believe so. This means that most of them support rape indirectly.
/u/RoyalFeast69. 'nazi' Casual comments and analogies are inflammatory and therefor not allowed.  
We allow for exemptions for comments with meaningful information that must be based on historical facts accepted by mainstream historians. See [Rule 6](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_6._nazi_comparisons) for details.  
This bot flags comments using simple word detection, and cannot distinguish between acceptable and unacceptable usage. Please take a moment to review your comment to confirm that it is in compliance.
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Not sure, but this seems to be relevant to all but one of the kids:
 The Israeli newspaper Haaretz [reported](https://www.haaretz.com/israel-news/2023-01-04/ty-article-magazine/.premium/2022-saw-highest-number-of-palestinians-killed-by-israeli-forces-since-second-intifada/00000185-7cf9-d464-a197-fefb0f290000)  in January that since “December 2021, soldiers are allowed to shoot at  Palestinians who are fleeing if they had previously thrown stones or  Molotov cocktails.”
So murder is good when the government says it's good? Killing fleeing civilians is good when the genocidal fascist ethnostate says its good?
 shit
/u/Lemmungwinks. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Because the Palestinian terrorists hadn't made any bold attacks like this in a while.
Because Palestine hadn't meaningfully resisted Israeli abuse for a while.
That's fine too. They can go to Iran. But they can never again be near Israel.
Didn’t see the Irish raping and killing women and children then parading their corpses in the street. Nice try though.
I didn't see Palestinians either, only Hamas territories. Like I seen no Irish! Only IRA scum. Look up the missing IRA victims that were Irish. Learn your history kid
Don't make posts or comments that consist only of sarcasm or cynicism (including emojis). Do not troll.
This community is for constructive discussion, which means understanding other users' positions and responding to them in good faith. Generally, sarcasm and cynicism have the effect of suppressing this kind of discussion, because they serve as a rhetorical tool to dismiss, rather than engage, with someone else's arguments. While satire can be an effective tool for discussion, it is more frequently inflammatory and divisive.
Hint: Add a worthwhile "but seriously..." comment to your quip that adds to the conversation.  It's a comment which is SOLELY an attempt at a sarcastic joke that's objectionable.  Humor is OK ... if there's more to the comment.
Love the confidently incorrect bullshit. But everyone knows bolding some text makes it factually correct. 😂 imma guess ex muzzy or a pajeet.
 bullshit
/u/Ok-Market-262. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Lol. When you’re ashamed of your own books and your own prophet. But that’s a sin “brozzer”😂
I quoted that story from a Sahih Hadith and all schools of Islam agree that raping non Muslim women of invaded tribe is allowed by Allah because they are your “right hand’s property” according to the Quran.
Edit: Ok-Mrket-262 decided to be a pussy and blocked me so I wouldn’t be able to reply to him and shred his argument apart. He believes in raping sex slaves with a code because prophet Muhammad encouraged it.
My reply to him would be: Wow so you guys rape sex slaves and rape them with a code? How morally sound of you. You guys definitely better than western kuffar armies who never take sex slaves. We should all definitely convert to Islam and make world a better place. After all, who doesn’t like having sex slaves. Prophet Muhammad sure did like having a lot of them 🥰
The Palestinian population has only grown in Palestine and Israel. Israel is guilty of a lot, but calling it genocide is just untrue.
 fucking
/u/Antique_Ad3944. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Really? Bad bot..
My thoughts exactly that could work either way
So Saudi Arabia then.
Maybe but why kick someone out of their house 
If you don't remember that is what started Israel so doing that won't really be the peaceful option
I very much doubt it, the only thing that will improve the prospects for the Palestinian or the Israelis is a big negotiation table on a level playing field and a true willingness to negotiate. No threats of turning districts to rubble or revenge, it's just fuel on an already huge fire.
Agreed.
I think they’re both terrible groups. 
Did I do it right on this cluster of a sub?
Ah got it, you think hamas and jews are both terrible. Not surprised.
You know nothing about me. I am from Denmark and my grandparents helped the jews to Sweden in WW2. I have been raised with western media who always portrays jews as victims and muslims as abusers/terrorists. But in the last few years I have turned away from supporting Israel because of the way they are oppressing the palestinian population.
Right yeah, its those evil jewish israelies suppressing palestine and not the literal terrorist government gazan palestinians elected.
Your grandparents sound like good people. 
You sound like someone they would be ashamed of.
Israel has caused so much more death and destruction to Palestinians.
Justice? Hamas answered back to what Israel is doing non-stop to them.
Imagine if you slapped me, and I then slapped you back. Would it then be justice if you killed me for slapping you?
Slap?
Great, send footage of Israel launching 1000+ troops, mass murdering 1000+ civilians, and raping Palestinians at an outdoor concert, then spitting and parading around their bodies.
What a horrible way you’re twisting my words and forgetting that Israel is doing the same to Palestinians.
One could ask you the same.
 fucked
/u/LuvValKilmer1231. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
I think Hamas likes when Palestinians die. Nothing invigorates support and recruitment quite like death.
Of course you don't care, they're not your Muslim brothers and sisters.
I have no sympathy for barbarian terrorist trash and I hope the invaders are soon impaled on the iron swords
These are not Muslims. These are animals.
Fuck up
 Fuck
/u/hello_there166. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Wow. I really hope you don't mean that, and that you can empathize more with people whose country has just been invaded, their friends and family massacred in cold blood, who are having momentary outbursts on Reddit. Israel has never and will never 'flatten' Gaza. 
If you can empathize with someone parading around dead bodies in your neighborhood, with blood running down their arms, and you feel inclined to cheer them on and shout 'glory to God', that sucks, and you're evil.
You seem to be unable to understand what I wrote. Perhaps because of heightened emotion, which is understandable when your country is undergoing a national crisis.
My statement was never about what Israel will or won’t do. It was about those Israelis who for emotional reasons advocate for “flattening“ Gaza.
This is at the one hand understandable in a situation like this, and definitely human nature, but it is also totally repugnant from a moral perspective.
Civilians in Gaza who cheer when they hear about these kidnappings is the same thing. These people also have grievances. Maybe they lost a family member when their house turned to rubble, or maybe they know somebody who did. 
They are fully in the wrong for wishing death or other bad things upon other civilians, or cheering for it, but when people grow to see each other as enemies, this is a common outcome.
If you read my comment again, you will see that it wasn’t about the people who did this despicable attack.  It was about the people who cheered for them on the other side. These are very different things.
Since I have to make things very clear for you, I despise terrorism and do not excuse terrorist attacks, such as the one which happened in your country.
Israel and Palestine are two very different societies, and one of them is a lot more advanced than the other. But when it comes to the ability to dehumanize “the enemy“, they seem to be skilled at it both, and especially when put under pressure. This is of course not anything unique to the region, but basic human nature.
And that makes it right?  So gross.
Hopefully all these rapists will get their 17 Virgins paradise. And they will all be gay men.
Never said it makes it right. I find it abhorrent. I just wanted to convey that it wasn’t Hamas but what Muslims are taught they should do to please Allah. If it was any other Muslim army/group in place of Hamas, they would still do the same. They would still strip them down, rape them and take sex slaves.  If you have to oppose something, oppose Islam as an ideology and not just Hamas. 
Please remove your downvote now.
Terrorists aren’t good and please don’t defend them.
apartheid state too
You go to someone's house, you kill the parents and kidnap their children, you are 100% evil and you should be killed, there plain and simple.
Which is what Israel did while entering Palastine
 fucking
/u/MackMuurder. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Hamas attacked killing hundreds and has slithered back behind the cover of civilians, schools and hospitals. 
They are a disease that cares not for who it plagues, friend or foe. The Palestine people will suffer for the actions of Hamas. Not because they deserve to, but because Hamas will use them as shields and this time Israel will do whatever it takes. Hopefully they can eradicate the disease.
Again, university studied. They're both disgusting, Israel is just historically more fine with killing civilians. Israel estimated 600 casualties so far. Per capita that's NOTHING compared to Palestenian civilian casualties every year. It's a little more jarring because it's an organized attack and large numbers in a single day, but 600 would be a slow year for Israel and Palestine has far fewer people. Again thanks for being exactly the kind of idiot I'd expect to reply.
Edit: you're Jewish. I'm sorry I studied your culture and found it a disgusting pervasively violent group. Historical oppression doesn't give you the right to violence.
They are where they came from, now with nukes. Good luck trying to kick them out again!
If they nuked Palestine isreal wouldn’t exist ever again 🤣🤣
Maybe you shouldn't have kicked all of us out then? Maybe you should stop teaching and preaching terror in mosques? Or maybe, just maybe, stop worshipping a paedophile?
www.thereligionofpeace.com
U think all Palestine is Muslim , very misinformed but what to expect from brain dead ppl😭
https://preview.redd.it/4gh10jd2y0tb1.jpeg?width=989&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=99c75ccdb26bb99a0783c56d87229bfaf8c9fd7c
Jews are from Judea. Our Temple in Jerusalem has been there for 2,000 years and still standing.
&#x200B;
A great deal of Palestinians migrated in 1800s from Egypt, Syria, Turkey, etc. after Jews cultivated the land. They also have last names like "Kurd" indicating such foreign origins.
&#x200B;
Would you suggest that they go back to where they came from or only Jews????
I have not met one person named Kurd😭😭😭 Jewish ppl got a sympathy state called isreal
No they fucking weren’t lol. They literally agreed to a UN sponsored peace plan.
 fucking
/u/Banner18orBust. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Nevermind, you’re just antisemitic trash.
https://preview.redd.it/8uzf0tjzv0tb1.jpeg?width=1125&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=90d89d4d1918724f615eb2d2089fddc8ad8800ce
Cope harder.
Anyone that doesn't automatically sucks your dick is antisemitic.
Studying history, anthropology, and anthropology of religion of both sides for objective synthesis.
terrorism
/ˈtɛrərɪz(ə)m/
noun
the unlawful use of violence and intimidation, especially against civilians, in the pursuit of political aims
Civilians occupying your own homeland, 😂 protected by an oppressive army with latest weaponry advancements 😂😂😂
Edit : I'd like to see this happening to your own country maybe then you would change your mind.
On one side you’re seeing the very worst of Israeli society acting badly, on the other side you’re seeing the average Palestinian doing what they want to do, it’s absolutely not the same
Your first comment looks like you say that Vids of Israelis stomping and spitting on dead bodys needs to be shown. There are non . Im like the other guy that misinterpreted your comment. Idk if you are right with saying this is the average PA but i dont think so. Im for peace but there will be no peace. The PA Israeli discussion is impossible , no way they find a solution that both sides agree with
 shit
/u/Perfect_Yogurt1. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Ok calling for genocide is good but no naughty words while you do it 🙄
Reality. Join it.
exactly
a world where terrorism isn't justified
I see no terrorism here. This is armed resistance. Sorry it hurts your colonial feelings. Go read some Tom Clancy to re-stabilize your world view.
please dont justify terrorism
There is no justification. Its just inevitable.
 bullshit
/u/TheOtherVillageIdiot. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Your account is 49 minutes old. Apparently it is you here sowing disinformation
u/King-Yakub  
Maybe if Israel spent money on Opsec instead of paying people like you to sow disinformation online they'd have handled the attack of 17 retards with parachutes better.  
Cause that means anything. Great argument chode boy.   
Rule 1, don't attack other users. Rule 4, no trolling.  
Addressed
It will be the only way to separate Hamas from the Palestinian population. The Palestinians are first and foremost a prisoner to these state sponsored terrorists groups that do the bidding of foreign actors and at the expense of the Palestinian people. The innocents among Hamas need to be extrapolated and given new leadership and with that I would hope a speedy path to a better life.
Let us also remember that Islam doesn’t allow for bodies being mutilated or the torturing of innocents. These fighters and not religious men they are heretics, an evil as deep as Isis and in need of being purged from the world.
Whatsoever happens to the Palestinians in Gaza should be blood on the hands of Hamas and I suspect Iran.
Wow. Equating anti-racist with white supremacists takes some mental gymnastics. Hope you win the misinformation Olympics you're practicing for so hard.
Anti-Zionists are not "anti-racist". At most, they're racist against a nation you think deserves racism. The basic anti-Zionist argument, that the Jews don't deserve self-determination in their ancestral homeland, while the Palestinian Arabs do, is racist, not anti-racist.
The same goes for: "I oppose all forms of ethnic nation-states, I just happen, by a sheer coincidence, to only foam at the mouth about the Jewish one". That's about as "anti-racist" as someone who "opposes all crime, and exclusively obsesses over crime committed by black people as a matter of sheer coincidence". But most notably, since anti-Zionists also don't criticize Palestinian nationalism in such harsh terms (even if they do object to it), that argument is most often simply a lie.
Non-violent anti-Zionists are the only thing that will lead to our collective salvation as Canaanites and indigenous people of the land.
I don't know who "us" are, but anti-Zionism's official goal is to remove the right of self-determination of the only Canaanite nation that still exists today, destroy the only state that speaks a Canaanite language as a state language, and convert that tiny sliver of Canaanite culture, to the non-Canaanite Arab identity and language of its neighbors.
The "indigeneity" and "Canaaniteness" of Anti-Zionists is limited purely to silly speeches, and arguments online. None of them actually changed their name into an indigenous Canaanite name, insisted on switching to a Canaanite language, or tried in any way to revive the culture of any specific Canaanite nation. The only ones who did that, were the Zionists.
shit
 shit
/u/thefreecat. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
There were Jews in this region since the 19th century
This area is the Jewish homeland. Meaning many of them were kick from their homes over the last few thousand years to make room for them. It was honestly a reclamation than anything else. That being said I really feel for the Jews. They've had the roughest history of any single group. As they are often tormented at every turn. In their homeland they are hated by their neighbors. As they moved into Russia, and Europe they were killed by various empires in droves. Here where I am in the US they became scapegoats for economic crises over the last few hundred years. I get people were displaced. But the Jews have spent their entire history being displaced. Hamas just one of a long line of organized political opponents to the Jews. Only for one if the only times in history a significant global power is actually supporting them. Their is a peaceful way of handling things and then there is this. Between Ukraine and Israel we could be looking at the beginnings of a third World War. If Iran a huge Hamas backer gets supplied by whatever the Russians can spare or worse China we could see a massive escalation.
Sorry, I'm just not going to side with religious fundamentalists regardless of circumstance
Torah told them 3000 years ago this their land and make a homeland no matter if it's stealing. That's very religious fundamental.
So is it then justifed to commit such acts back? What will you say when theres retaliation ?
I mean, it’s true that Israel’s been doing that for decades, but I don’t see how that’s relevant with what’s being said here.
What type of weird deflection tactics are you trying your hand—and failing—at here? Was that a coherent sentence? Are we talking about the same things? Did you mean to reply to someone else about something nonsensical?
 fucked
/u/AletzRC21. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
But are you brave enough to tell this to liberals and western university going students?
Why wouldn't I be?
 shit
/u/ByAPortuguese. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Much bothsides.  When was the last time Israel raped and executed a German woman and paraded her body around?  Palestine will suffer because Hamas uses them as a human shield.
like what happened, im genuinely curious i dont see much news
Just the idea of summarizing such a difficult situation that is very nuanced over such a long time is funny to me. So much misinformation again over so many years...a summary would maybe only be a couple hundred pages..imo
thank you!
Nice, same here, just not the same "team" lol
Shit! I am Sorry.
 Shit
/u/yopolotomofogoco. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
 shit
/u/Interesting-Ad-4075. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Oopsie
 shit
/u/Ipoopoomyundies. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Absolutely 😄👍 As an independent country, you need to learn to control your population like every other country in the world 😂😭😂🤦‍♂️👎
Right.. I forgot that every other country has zero crimes or civilians that commit atrocities. 
Meh, by your own thought process Israel should be bombed into the ground for moving into Palestine’s land with your “settlers.” 
Eye for an eye is such a destructive mentality.
Bed time.
When and where?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L0ZFeDWhlDo
Palestine did exist, and your "as a country" comment is very silly and is straight from an Eddie Izzard joke.
https://youtu.be/UTduy7Qkvk8?si=M697sq6CcMeyCJ_x
Do you have a flag? No? Then we'll take your land.
Palestine never existed, and they tried to exterminate the jews many times with the arabs.
I never knew that history until now, but makes sense since they are mass murdering rapists.
Thank you for letting me know how scum they are.
Palestine has been enduring plenty of abuse from Israel with the help of superpowers like the US. Should they not feel threatened?
I'll just respond in an edit since I can't reply....I'm not sure you're actually having a good faith conversation based on your overly emotional responses and the fact you don't seem to think there is evidence of Israel murdering and abusing Palestinians???
Great, send footage of Israel mass murdering and raping Palestine at an outdoor concert, then spitting and parading around their bodies.
That's kinda the point. It's not their land, it was stolen.
They were also migratory people, bedouins.
 shit
/u/Nakhtal. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Yeah, no. Recent history is important, and Israel is just the guise for an invasion and takeover of Palestinian land.
Jews are in this region since the 19th century
Okay, that may have been the case in the past, but in what civilized world currently is that okay?
Shouldn't have been in Palestine to begin with. Israeli are invaders.
That rule is a load of bollocks
/u/toobjunkey. 'Hitler' Casual comments and analogies are inflammatory and therefor not allowed.  
We allow for exemptions for comments with meaningful information that must be based on historical facts accepted by mainstream historians. See [Rule 6](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_6._nazi_comparisons) for details.  
This bot flags comments using simple word detection, and cannot distinguish between acceptable and unacceptable usage. Please take a moment to review your comment to confirm that it is in compliance.
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
They do, and I didn't
Let me rephrase what you said...
They don't actively target civilians, they just actively target civilians sometimes.
[https://twitter.com/btselem/status/1693932069427056915?ref\_src=twsrc%5Etfw%7Ctwcamp%5Etweetembed%7Ctwterm%5E1693932071687778470%7Ctwgr%5Eb49151a7ca84c5380f580b093ce97cb686d69837%7Ctwcon%5Es2\_&ref\_url=https%3A%2F%2Felectronicintifada.net%2Fblogs%2Fmaureen-clare-murphy%2Fvideo-soldier-shoots-palestinian-man-back-head](https://twitter.com/btselem/status/1693932069427056915?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw%7Ctwcamp%5Etweetembed%7Ctwterm%5E1693932071687778470%7Ctwgr%5Eb49151a7ca84c5380f580b093ce97cb686d69837%7Ctwcon%5Es2_&ref_url=https%3A%2F%2Felectronicintifada.net%2Fblogs%2Fmaureen-clare-murphy%2Fvideo-soldier-shoots-palestinian-man-back-head)  
Video of IDF totally not targeting civilians
'Intentionally' doing some heavy lifting 💪
They just shoot children in the groin for fun though.
If they did do you really think they would. They could attack military bases and instead went after a music festival. They don’t want hard targets, they want civilians
They have the precision weaponry necessary to NOT execute groups of civilians hiding in shelters. To not kidnap and beat innocent people. To not break into homes and shoot everyone. 
The whole underdog excuse thing doesn't work anymore. That's my point. What is why this ruins the support they had. Showing true colors.
If Hamas went in and just attacked military installations and told settlers to leave back to tel Aviv, this would be a different story.
Not as long as there are religions.
Yes. But now we get to see who is in control for each side. What the overwhelming motivators are. 
Of course, there are blood-thirsty zionists who want to eradicate all Palestinians. Has the Israeli government bombed Gaza into total ruin? Has the Israeli government hidden military facilities in residences to inflate the number of innocents killed to justify more attacks?
On the other side, you have Hamas attacking civilians and kidnapping children. If there is a choice between the Israeli government and Hamas, one side clearly has a monstrous agenda driving their actions.
I don't think there has to be such a choice, disliking one group doesn't mean I have to like whoever's fighting it, and one side being wrong doesn't mean the other is right.
I'd like the Israeli government to take actions that improve the long-term security of Israel and reduce the power of Hamas and similar terrorist groups. Unfortunately I don't think they will. They might do some damage to Hamas, and Gazans in general will suffer collaterally, but in a few months they'll be in fundamentally the same position as they were 2 days ago with no strategy for getting out of it.
I don't think this is correct, Hamas unfortunately has popular support among civilians in Gaza and even in the West Bank.  
Not excusing Israels actions, just stating reality.
[Robert F. Kennedy was the brother of US president John F Kennedy. ](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Assassination_of_Robert_F._Kennedy) He was assassinated by a Palestinian terrorist while he was running for president in 1968.
The two state solution will never work. Israelis and Palestinians that want peace need to advocate for a one state solution (Israel-Palestine) in which there are two founding peoples with protections for each enshrined in law, with full benefits of citizenship provided to all. Radical factions on both sides want to prevent this, such that the two state solution is really just an excuse maintain these hard line, status quo positions.
That's the case for Hamas (and any fundamentalist terrorist organization really). But the common palestinian, be it at Gaza or at the West Bank, are just common people that at the end, just want to live; unfortunately, this is a society that's trapped in the cycle of hatred and despair (mainly the Gazans, it doesn't seem that the West Bank Palestinians are turning into terrorism and Hamas, msybe because of their better standard of living).
They aren't turning to terrorism because Israel walled them off. People clearly forget about the constant suicide bombings that occurred by the West Bank Palestinians. Do not try to paint them as the victims when they have refused peace many times and they suffer as a result of it.
You’re not going to erase a nation of 9 million. How would you do that exactly?
He's calling for genocide
You've found the Nazi sir.  Good work.
Mass migrant boat convoys to iran
Taka your downvote you terrorist supporter.
It’s the brainwashing! Hamas only grew in Gaza because of the closures and desperation that the people lived in. Couple that with using religion as their gateway for political gain…
And Gaza is only closed off because of Hamas constantly threatening Isreals security.
I have spoken to a few who have families in Gaza.. I assure you alot hate Hamas with a passion! But they can’t fight them because they’re armed and strong. But I know firsthand that there are plenty of Palestinians who detest Hamas wholeheartedly!
If Trump had consolidated power than then started murdering Mexicans, you can bet I would be rebeling at best, and gone at worst... I wouldn't just sit around saying oh this sucks for decades.
I would just sit around thinking "oh I hate that my government is murdering jews and starting wars we can't win, but it's no one's fault and we can't do anything about it."  
You're basically arguing that Israel has to act because Palestinians are too scared to do anything even if they want to.
Then Israelis that continue to support their fascist apartheid states actions are fascists.
Yeah, seeing terrorists launch rockets at your people every day tends to turn people to the right.  Great point showing how Hamas is responsible for the actions of both sides.
I don’t understand why any government that has the power to hold back anything from Iran but wouldn’t! Whether it’s used today or later…
Iran and the Islamic regime are the single biggest threat to the Middle East and the world!
I was not for the U.S. releasing the funds either. I don’t trust Iran at all. I feel bad for the majority of Iranian people who would like to get rid of the regime.
/u/Artistic_Clown_455. 'Nazi' Casual comments and analogies are inflammatory and therefor not allowed.  
We allow for exemptions for comments with meaningful information that must be based on historical facts accepted by mainstream historians. See [Rule 6](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_6._nazi_comparisons) for details.  
This bot flags comments using simple word detection, and cannot distinguish between acceptable and unacceptable usage. Please take a moment to review your comment to confirm that it is in compliance.
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Worse than that, Nazis had way more mainstream support.
/u/Glum-Name699. 'Nazis' Casual comments and analogies are inflammatory and therefor not allowed.  
We allow for exemptions for comments with meaningful information that must be based on historical facts accepted by mainstream historians. See [Rule 6](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_6._nazi_comparisons) for details.  
This bot flags comments using simple word detection, and cannot distinguish between acceptable and unacceptable usage. Please take a moment to review your comment to confirm that it is in compliance.
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
There's a stark difference between soldiers acting out of line and a group whose sole focus is to kill as many civilians as possible. Every military has bad soldiers who do awful things  but when a group's desire is to kill women and children, well that's a very different story.
I’m sure if you try hard enough you would find as many if not more footage of terrorist attacks on Israeli streets, and I guess it won’t help if I tell you that Hamas is using civilian buildings to hide munitions so that the IDF will be criticized for targeting them. Also, before every bombing they give out a warning to evacuate, so they aren’t exactly looking to kill non combatants, even if it means letting terrorists out with their lives
Why do you think there is more footage from several days of attacks by Hamas than 50+ years of occupation by the IDF? I don't see how you could come to that conclusion.
"You can't use guerilla tactics without expecting us to kill civilians" has been an argument since before the American revolutionary war. It wasn't justified to attack civilian populations then, and it's not now, no matter who's doing the attacking.
Firing a ballistic rocket into a building before firing more with explosive warheads 3 minutes later isn't exactly a warning that can be complied with. This is posturing for the international stage.
Perhaps the IDF will start following the Geneva Convention now that Netenyahu has declared war, and cease using white phosphorous munitions and allow their prisoners access to sufficient amounts of clean water.
Genocide can also mean that you make sure a culture or society gets destroyed. It does not only mean murder.
We need only look at Gaza to see how real it is.
"Causing mental harm to the members of the group" also falls under the UN definition. Methinks forcing people to live under military siege 24/7 and using them for target practice counts.
Just like the destruction of their livelihood (orchards) and the bulldozing of their wells.
I'm a genocide historian. The definition of genocide is "Any of the following acts committed with intent to destroy, in whole or part, a national, ethnical, racial or religious  group, as such: killing members of the group; causing serious bodily or mental harm to members of the group; deliberately inflicting on the group conditions of life, calculated to bring about its physical destruction in whole or in part; imposing measures intended to prevent births within the group; [and] forcibly transferring children of the group to another group."
So yes, what Israel is doing is genocide against Palestinians. They have been for decades. Just as Russia is committing genocide against Ukraine and Azerbaijan is committing genocide against Armenia right now.
If you were an actual historian of genocide you’d know such definitions are highly subjective and there is no one universally agreed-upon definition.
For one thing, “causing mental harm to members of a group” is absurdly vague. And the thriving population growth even in Gaza disproves so many other elements within that definition, from the idea of “intent to destroy a group”, to “imposing measures intended to prevent births within the group”.
If Israel wanted the Palestinians gone they’ve had the capability to do it for decades.
/u/New_Professional3209. 'Nazis' Casual comments and analogies are inflammatory and therefor not allowed.  
We allow for exemptions for comments with meaningful information that must be based on historical facts accepted by mainstream historians. See [Rule 6](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_6._nazi_comparisons) for details.  
This bot flags comments using simple word detection, and cannot distinguish between acceptable and unacceptable usage. Please take a moment to review your comment to confirm that it is in compliance.
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Only one side has all the power backed by the biggest power in the world.
So this makes the mass murder and kidnap of civilians and the desecration and sexual assault of corpses OK does it? 
The sad thing is Hamas has lost the Palestinian cause a huge amount of support this time. 
No one watching that can possibly think it’s OK. It can never be justified. 
And why just Gaza? Palestine has other territories and they don’t seem to need to do the same?
This is bullshit and you know it Israel has never had qualms about killing civilians and a human shield only has value if they are considered human. Israel government officials have made no secret about how they feel about Palestinians. And I’m not defending hamas, but trying to pretend that this all happened in the vacuum is ridiculous. 70 + years of women and children being killed, homes being destroyed or stolen etc it’s a overboiling teapot and no one with actual power is willing to even end apartheid rule.
 bullshit
/u/JojodaLion. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
If Hamas set up bases and stage attacks from civilian areas. Is it the fault of  Israel  or Hamas civilians are killed due to there distruction?
You really going into an argument with floridaman?
Yeah, they should be getting billions like the terrorists in Israel.
 shit
/u/the5thfinger. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Bot answer
 bullshit
/u/protoaramis. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
 shit
/u/Desertxxx. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Somehow I doubt reddit users with no prior political comments are dusting off a 2 year dead account to post about the lasted crisis in the Middle East.
Doubtless real people feel this way, but this post is so transparently not that.
I keep seeing that claim, but she was wearing her boots, hotpants, and bikini top. She was dressed in the rave clothes she was in at the time.
Nope, that's intentional disinformation.
Stop acting like the Israelies are victims. It doesn't work like that.
See how they avoid the question of the international civilians? Supporters of hamas are not interested in answering that question because it directly conflicts with their self-righteous dogma. 
No one brings a terrorist attack like this upon themselves.
IDF are the terrorists. IDF killed civilians, journalists and Americans  etc... For 75 years. Calling freedom fighters terrorists is ridiculous. Lol
Lol, freedom fighters? Human-shield using terrorists you mean?
I obviously didn't say that. I just said these people are blood thirsty.
How about condemn the ones who are raping and murdering German tourists at a peace concert instead of trying to somehow justify said murders?  I don’t care who you voted for you don’t deserve to be raped and murdered and then have you body paraded around in the streets.
I just wonder why is Israel the only country in the world that its politicians gain support by killing and murdering other people. Why Israeli people like blood?
Yes it is. They caused the suffering of Palestinians and caused this war.
Entire world governments disagree and support Israel in this war. Looks like Gaze will fall in the name of justice!
Exactly this, one's wrongs don't validate someone else's wrongs
I didn't say it does
both sides are fucked up there
only way this ends is with an asteroid or something
 fucked
/u/DrKeksimus. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
The United Kingdoms of Israel included the Kingdoms of Israel and Judah. 
https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/a/a9/Kingdom_of_Israel_1020_map.svg/1345px-Kingdom_of_Israel_1020_map.svg.png
Some did.
I don't condone those actions, to be clear. I'm just pointing out that, depending on who's doing it, the outcry tends to be much worse, or much lighter.
What do you gain by supporting the most racist people in the world? They hate you too
Goodbye Palestine, sad, but now necessary.
Oh totally checks out. If we went deep 3 more comments, this fool would be ranting about “globalists,” the Rothschilds, and how Stalin was minsunderstood. All with an insufferable air of superiority that is 100% unearned
Please explain
Israel did something bad-> Palestine is right to respond
Paelstine did something bad-> Israel is justified in responding
IMO Palestine should should irrevocablly disavow and sperate themselves from Hamas but because of they dont or at least not strongly enough so they will always be culpable in Hamas' action. Not to mention that almost half of Palestines support Hamas. Im not gonna try to defend Israels actions but there is a huge difference between the gradual violence theyve engaged in over the years and targeted attacks aimed at causing mass casualties and everything else Hamas is doing.
My cousin was kidnapped. He is a child. He did nothing
While your goverment killing muslim childs, where were you ?
he supports Israel the government responsible for all those stolen homes at gunpoint the government that kills Palestinian children regularly. 
Nobody here is in the right but you can’t act surprised when the oppressed get dirty.
So you support Hamas? Does Palestinian  = Hamas ?
I don’t support either I think the entire region should be leveled and turned into a Walmart.
Neither side is good or better than the other and if Israel thought they could get away with it they’d carpet bomb Gaza tonight. 
Religion is nothing but a plague on this earth. You’re not entitled to that land because people lived there thousands of years ago.
Have you not see those Palestinians cheering over dead body of a woman thaht they broke one leg of her and a Palestinian kid that spat on a dead body? Blind eh?
Ok. No one in the rest of the world believes this
Why do you think this is the first pinned post on this page?
It isn't, and you're the only idiot that believes your stupid conspiracy theory 😂
 Fuck
/u/israeliterrowrist. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Just because Palestinians are oppressed don't give a reason for you to kill Israeli citizens. Not all Israelis support the occupation. To add, All Israelis must serve conscription, if you don't,  you get excluded & punished so, most just serve it. Sure, Israel has bombed,air striked Gaza but why does Hamas parade dead Israeli soldiers? Israel has never paraded a dead Palestinian body but Hamas does. Palestinians are greedy the same with Arabs. Arabs are destroying my country Malaysia. Especially in KL. People like you made me happy Israel is Occupying Palestine. Allah wants to teach Palestinians a lesson not to be greedy.
Yeah and not all Palestinians support hamas
Uprisen against women of Israel by raping them?! Uprisen by taking elderly and kids hostages?! Uprisen by killing unarmed civilians?! FUCK. YOU.
 FUCK
/u/RedditorFromRussia. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
And all that is horrible but it doesn’t suddenly make all the horrible things Israel has done go away. Does Hamas killing women mean it’s suddenly ok that Israel has killed like 20x more people? Does it make it ok that they kill kids or steal homes from elderly Palestinians? 
I’m not defending what Hamas has done but it absolutely ridiculous that 24 hours of the media playing negative videos suddenly makes people forget the bad things Israel has done
Edit: I deserve to be put down because I think both sides are wrong? That’s messed up
It is always the fault of the terrorists. I have a friend from Gaza, he told me how hamas work. They just enter the building you live in, your school, your hospitals and make it their production/intelligence spot. That is the reason why Palistinian civillians die abd get bombed. Don't excuse terrorism.
Israelis have been “settling” Palestine for years and by that I mean kicking people out of their homes. Implying they stop Jewish people from trying to take over the area is false
They never had a chance of that since Israel has been preventing the flow of goods into Palestine for years.
Do you just believe what the Israeli government tells you or something?
Ok, and? If that’s your response you clearly didn’t read my whole comment
It’s not propaganda if Israel admitted to using it
/u/Captainusa1776. 'Nazis' Casual comments and analogies are inflammatory and therefor not allowed.  
We allow for exemptions for comments with meaningful information that must be based on historical facts accepted by mainstream historians. See [Rule 6](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_6._nazi_comparisons) for details.  
This bot flags comments using simple word detection, and cannot distinguish between acceptable and unacceptable usage. Please take a moment to review your comment to confirm that it is in compliance.
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Give me a break he has a good point
Are you aware that hamas only rules half of Palestine right? right?
How do you respond tho? They kidnapped probably over 100 people and killed over 700. You cant just not do anything because they are hiding behind the Palestinian population (that supports them). They need to learn a lesson, both the Hamas and the Palestinians so that they wont ever support a terrorist group. Neither way almost no Palestinian want to coexist with Israel, they are full of hate and almost all of them (I have yet to see a comment from a Palestinian that criticize what happend yesterday) wish for all jews in Israel to either die or leave. Honestly Israel should just flatten half of Gaza and kill tens of thousands so both learn their lesson that terrorism is not the way. Also anyone that doesnt completely disagree with what happened yestersay is just as bad as those terrorists so as far as I care at least 70% of the people in Gaza are flat out terrorists.
No. If Area A held elections today, Hamas would win. They are the leading party among all people in the Palestinian territories which is why the PA is avoiding elections. 
&#x200B;
Explain why Palestinians in Nablus and Ramallah were celebrating the massacre of 300+ Jews. 
&#x200B;
Explain why Palestinians in the US, Canada, UK and Europe are celebrating the massacre of 300+ Jews.
Also, YES, we should differentiate between nazis and germans, the allied forces carpet bombed many german cities just to demoralize the nazis and that was a war crime that went unpunished because they won the war
/u/NorthKoreanAI. 'nazis' Casual comments and analogies are inflammatory and therefor not allowed.  
We allow for exemptions for comments with meaningful information that must be based on historical facts accepted by mainstream historians. See [Rule 6](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_6._nazi_comparisons) for details.  
This bot flags comments using simple word detection, and cannot distinguish between acceptable and unacceptable usage. Please take a moment to review your comment to confirm that it is in compliance.
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
What a fucking stupid take. That's Total War. The Germans decided to go to war with almost everyone around them. You are defending Hitler?
I mean like Gaza and Cisjordania
No, I mean the others lol
I do wonder how these terrorists just pop into existence. Maybe they grew up watching their parents and friends lose limbs and lives in the conflict. Maybe they watched IDF soldiers burning their crops. Maybe they run away to Gaza from the West Bank 10 years ago so that they wouldn't be murdered themselves. It's a mystery I suppose.
same argument for mass shooters can be made, i guess youre pro mass shooters too then
Yes, you should differentiate between religious extremists that glorify cruelty and religious extremists that commit cruelty.
On top of that, I doubt that every Palestine is happy about the terrorism against non-believers. The announced intervention by Israel could be legal, as the Palestines are maybe unwilling to prevent terrorism, unable to or actively participate in it. This doesn't mean that Israel hadn't had decent opportunities to reinstate the legal borders. If they try this now, or in the aftermath of this attack, I can only imagine terrorism would profit from that.
/u/yeahyeahitsmeshhh. 'Hitler' Casual comments and analogies are inflammatory and therefor not allowed.  
We allow for exemptions for comments with meaningful information that must be based on historical facts accepted by mainstream historians. See [Rule 6](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_6._nazi_comparisons) for details.  
This bot flags comments using simple word detection, and cannot distinguish between acceptable and unacceptable usage. Please take a moment to review your comment to confirm that it is in compliance.
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
On the one hand the comment is not of the form that the rule explicitly seeks to curtail (inflammatory comparison between modern states and the deeply evil one.
On the other, the reference wasn't strictly requiring rule 6 exemption for the point to be made. Other examples exist and one is included.
I can edit if that is preferred.
Once again, you can not commit war crimes against civilians just because you suspect that some or most of them support or tolerate their government, no such thing in international law
No you can't. But you can fight their state, which includes killing their armed forces and permits a unintended civilian casualties, with tests of proportionality and efforts to minimise them.
You also can conceive of yourself as being at war with that state without having to always clarify that it is just a single leader you are really targeting.
So this gives them the right to bulldoze Palestinian homes at gunpoint so the immigrants can make money?
 Fuck
/u/Osgore. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
What videos ?
Watch Israel attack on Gaza
What videos
The ones literally posted everywhere online, are you blind? Yes I watched Israel retaliate on Gaza and its sad that other civilians are going through this. You know what I dont see? Them parading dead naked civilians through the streets and being proud of it. Savage animals and you just lost all sympathy I had for them.
Edit: removed profanity
They voted in Hamas did they not?
There's no chance in hell the Gaza strip is a truly democratic society where the people's desires are the focus of the government. Besides, is every single person now responsible for the evils their government does, and thus its okay to treat the innocent the same as those actually in power? NO.
It’s funny that you think people under an apartheid rule have a choice. Terrorist organizations don’t become terrorist organizations by giving people a choice. That’s why it’s called TERROR
"apartheid"
Pathetic. Antisemitism runs rampant on this platform.
 fucked
/u/MaxRockatanskisGhost. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Your thoughts don’t create reality. Nobody said it was justified. It’s a natural response to fight and lash out when threatened.
https://reddit.com/r/coolguides/s/qWCPo0NeII
Bro you didn't even read the whole thing
Nome of you can deny the facts. Unless you can build a time machine and rewrite history. This is what happened
Bro what? I never said they should arm themselves and kill people on sight. However as an American I can tell you they most def need most of the land that was stolen from then. We were the invaders. And fucked them over so badly. Don't out words in my mouth lmao
 fucked
/u/Igotthekeys2. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Doesn’t matter if you said it- that’s the reality. Over 2,170 innocent children have been murdered by the Israeli army in just the past 20 years. That’s just the kids. No ancient people has a “right” to invade a land they’ve had nothing to do with since the age of the Roman Empire, ffs. 
Palestine was governed and populated by Romans, Arabs, Ottomans, Christians for the past two millennia. Jewish people had virtually no connection to the place. They were a minuscule percentage of the population.
I said free Palestinians, meaning the equality, integration and liberation of people, so that all may share. Not the elimination of Israel and creation of a Palestinian country.
You can’t liberate them without eliminating their oppressors, thats kind of the whole point of liberation
Then you create a state with highly protected and guarded borders, and retaliate whenever something is attempted from the new State of Palestine. The dynamics of this conflict would be far different if it was between two sovereign entities rather than Israel beating down on people they won’t even give citizenship to
Well, I would like to draw attention on the fact that I said "free Palestinians", not Palestine. There is no Palestine. 
I think what I am trying to say is a resolution that leads to everyone sharing the land. Many already do, and I think it's possible, if the extremis islamist terrorist HAMAS is eradicated, now.
Says the guy who types two sentences
/u/Empty-Presentation68. 'Nazi' Casual comments and analogies are inflammatory and therefor not allowed.  
We allow for exemptions for comments with meaningful information that must be based on historical facts accepted by mainstream historians. See [Rule 6](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_6._nazi_comparisons) for details.  
This bot flags comments using simple word detection, and cannot distinguish between acceptable and unacceptable usage. Please take a moment to review your comment to confirm that it is in compliance.
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Oh no, I got flagged by the pearl clutching bot /s
 Bad bot.
Yeah, maybe, but I wouldn't blow up as apartment building with a rocket launcher from across the street.
I sure as hell wouldn’t kill the kid and his whole family
Yours is a cartoon version of history where the white slaves of Egypt were settled in the a land of Brown people, only to be exiled to Germany for 2000 years before returning.
In reality > Palestinians are the closest living descendants of the original Israelites. Zionist settlers are not even close. Palestinian Judaism created Christianity and Islam and Palestinians converted. European Judaism spawned Zionism.
I'm going to be honest here, Palestine has existed longer than Yugoslavia, the Kingdom of Israel and probably whatever country you're from. Am I right or am I right?
And? Just because something existed for a long time does not mean it will exist forever.
 Fuck
/u/nostraquamas. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Has been tried many times. First by Persians. Then by Romans. Then by Crusaders. And now by Western Imperialists. Yet Palestinians still managed to retaliate under the worse conditions of occupation. These are the most resilient people in the world and it hurts some to admit it.
Or flatten it
Or shove it into the sea!
They should. The Gaza strip is a menace as a neighbor.
Or let a Muslim country control them
Bibi(pm) is right now trying to open the Gaza border to Egypt so civilians can get out. Israel is too humane.
Hahahah awesome
Some religious books saying that a random some tribe owns a piece of land doesn't really quality as history.
Remember the bible is a work of fiction, not a base for modern day government.
When you think "religious books" is where history comes from...  
Also, the Bible is far from a "work of fiction". Where in the Hell are you getting your information from? LOL
This moron actually thinks Israel was created in 1948.
Well, if you want to claim it exists, then it belongs to either Syria, Iraq (Babylonians) or Italy (Romans)
There's no accounts outside the bible (which is fiction, not history) that says it belongs to the Canaan tribes.
If they just leave and not take all of Palestine land no more terroism
80% of the British Mandate is Jordan. Why do you believe that Jews shouldn't have a state????
As a person with Palestinians friends who have actually suffer the apertheid you stfu.
Even Nelson Mandela grandson said that Israel is an apertheid state, you ignorant.
[even a former Mossad chief says the same](https://www.theguardian.com/world/2023/sep/06/israel-imposing-apartheid-on-palestinians-says-former-mossad-chief)
 fuck
/u/TheLordOfZero. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Thank you! People throw this word around and have no idea what it actually means. Native South Africans wanted equal rights. Most Palestinians (even the moderate ones) want all the Jews to leave or be killed.
You think all people who believe in god are stupid? Lol…
Yes, can’t otherwise imagine how one can believe in god.
Ah the famous religious brotherly love.
It is theirs, isn't it?  Stolen land? 
https://www.bbc.com/news/world-middle-east-54116567
Try again 🤡
Robot response
That is actually the best take on Reddit period.
It adds important context to the recent turmoil though, doesn't it?
Here more context:
Palestinians always start the violence and are bad at war so obviously they will have inflated deaths
Didn't say I support their actions. Always been on the side of a viable two-state solution. But happy to oppose the shameful bias present globally in favour of Israel, aka USA's sugar-baby.
Israel shouldn't play act as innocent victims when there's a disgusting amount of videos of IDF mistreatment of Palestinians. Eventually, there's retaliation. Sadly, you don't get to choose how the other side retaliates. Hence the mess we see today
Show me the videos of the IDF taking women to get beaten and raped. Or a video of the IDF ripping apart bodies of dead Palestinians. Both sides are not the same.
Same tbh. But then you see the disguised pro-Israel comments, or the comments disguised as Muslims who are now against Palestine... and then you realise the post is actually a platform for bots and nothing said here is of any value. 
And if there are genuine comments, who cares what Dave in south Carolina thinks about this situation when he's only heard about it from CNN or some biased media organisation? What does Dave know with his limited scope? 
The only viewpoint of value are from those engaged in the conflict. They seem a bit busy atm though
yes- exactly. Israel got more land after wars started by arabs.
So what’s his point? Is he blaming Israel for needing to defend itself?
You are trying to reduce over 7 decades of oppression and occupation and war crimes to a "dance party in the desert".
This is about life and death for the Palestinians. Either they fight or they get exterminated by the occupiers.
Woe to the vanquished
Either they fight or they get exterminated by the occupiers.
Those dancing occupiers were a serious threat indeed
LoL
USELESS PIECE OF SHlT BOT LOL
 Palestinians are the ones acting like animals. 
 Should wipe the whole goddamn place off the map.
Doesn't seem like you're qualified to determine who is and isn't acting like an animal.  Wtf is wrong with you?
 shit
/u/AdEmpty8174. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
You clearly never read my comment in full.
I read it. You said Israel had this coming, suggesting the terrorism is justified. Then you condemned attacks against civilians. It can't be both ways.
The terrorist might can be wiped out. The civilians are the ones who suffer. On both sides. 
If you think all pro Palestinians support Hamas you are completely ignorant. Most Palestinians hates Hamas. Just like more than 50 % of the Israelis don’t support Bibi
You're a racist.
How is that racist
If they were marching in the street calling for peace and an end to terrorism they would be human beings. Instead they are cheering on terrorists and parading around their raped victims. It is not racist to call them sub-human. The Turks are condemning this attack and looking for a peaceful solution. 
Pretty sure it’s far more racist to cheer on the death of innocent Jews. 
No one is happy about how Israel will have to respond but no one doubts that the response is necessary in the face of this disgusting attack by the sub-humans.
Totally. Semantics matter is all I'm saying, particularly with the logic layed out by OP in their change of perspective. Innocent civilians of the same geographic and ethnic disposition will die because of something they are not, because of the thing in common that they are.
 ass
/u/SocialMediaIsCraven. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
/u/PedestrianD
 Stfu snowflake your goal in life is to work in a construction site building Israel, you pieces of crap pray you trashy god for a working permit.
Per [rule 1](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_1._no_attacks_on_fellow_users), no attacks on fellow users. Attack the argument, not the user.
addressed
Well who is he...I wanna know... seriously asking...!
Probably just the mascot of the oppressed Christians under Roman rule, at the time his followers were jews who believed he could set them free
I person believe he was a man like Martin Luther king   or  Mandela  or Gandhi.. he became the poster child of his cause and became enshrined in a new religion because that was the lense people saw everything through.    
Christians were just some jews who believed a little too literally imo that Jesus was the messiah when really he was just a Nelson Mandela type figure
Aww.. what does that mean, you choose to ignore what the Bible says...make up and believe your own truth.....There is a whole book dedicated to the destruction of the EDOMITES... WHY🤔Revelation 2:9 says there are fake Jews somewhere that are the epitome of evil.. I would like to avoid these people...what about you ...IJS
Literally wipe my a** with Revelation.
Tell that to the POPE, CATHOLIC CHURCH, ,and all these other people on here who went to church today, celebrate Christmas and Easter 🤔🧐😳 and those who support Israel because the Bible tells us so...!!!
The way Israels governments have conducted themselves over the years has given no chance for a viable peace which is the only solution to this as the alternative is dead Israel people and dead Palestinians which any sane peron does not want to happen .  The  biggest example being placing israel settlers in Palestinian land and slowly taking more and more control . This is not twisted logic, this is fact ! just look at the maps decade after decade and the growth of Israel and the decline of Palestine , its there in black and white . Israel has also caused whats commonly referred to as the largest open air prison in the world which is Gaza . What happened to the Isreal people this weekend is beyond words awful , heartbreaking and sickening but the same will he said for what Israel will do in retaliation.  Israel has its most or one of its most hardline governments in its history and look what's happened.
"In May 2021, Palestinian families in Sheikh Jarrah, a neighbourhood in occupied East Jerusalem, began protesting against Israel’s plan to forcibly evict them from their homes to make way for Jewish settlers. Many of the families are refugees, who settled in Sheikh Jarrah after being forcibly displaced around the time of Israel’s establishment as a state in 1948.  Since Israel occupied East Jerusalem and the rest of the West Bank in 1967, Palestinians in Sheikh Jarrah have been continuously targeted by Israeli authorities, who use discriminatory laws to systematically dispossess Palestinians of their land and homes for the benefit of Jewish Israelis.  
In response to the demonstrations in Sheikh Jarrah, thousands of Palestinians across Israel and the Occupied Palestinian Territories (OPT) held their own protests in support of the families, and against their shared experience of fragmentation, dispossession, and segregation. These were met with excessive and deadly force by Israeli authorities with thousands injured, arrested and detained.  
The events of May 2021 were emblematic of the oppression which Palestinians have faced every day, for decades. The discrimination, the dispossession, the repression of dissent, the killings and injuries – all are part of a system which is designed to privilege Jewish Israelis at the expense of Palestinians.  
This is apartheid. " Amnesty International
 Sheikh Jarrah 
If you had actually read the court documents, the inital cause was an Israeli family asking thier arab tenants for their rent or be evicted. They were willing to pay.
But the PLO stepped in. What ever "opression" that was generated from Sheikh Jarrah, was "self" inflicted. It takes a twisted mind to call this apartheid.
Amnesty International swalled the whole load despite these court documents.
PALESTINIANS
Since the establishment of the State of Israel in 1948, successive governments have created and maintained a system of laws, policies, and practices designed to oppress and dominate Palestinians. This system plays out in different ways across the different areas where Israel exercises control over Palestinians’ rights, but the intent is always the same: to privilege Jewish Israelis at the expense of Palestinians.
Israeli authorities have done this through four main strategies:
Fragmentation into domains of control
At the heart of the system is keeping Palestinian separated from each other into distinct territorial, legal and administrative domains
Dispossession of land and property
Decades of discriminatory land and property seizures, home demolitions and forced evictions
Segregation and control
A system of laws and policies that keep Palestinians restricted to enclaves, subject to several measures that control their lives, and segregated from Jewish Israelis
Deprivation of economic & social rights
The deliberate impoverishment of Palestinians keeping them at great disadvantage in comparison to Jewish Israelis
if you think it's twisted logic then you need to wake up !!!
I'm pretty awake. It was a Palestinian in civilian clothes who open a card door and shot at an infint in a car seat. It was a Palestinian in civilian clothes who rode on a motor cycle left a bomb at a bus stop that killed a 13 year old. It was Palestinian in civilian clothes showing off his bloody hands after killing Israelis.
If you act like animals you are going to be treated like animals. Same solution stop acting liek aniumals and you'll be treated properly.
Netanyahu stood up in the united nations 2 weeks ago and held up a map of the middle east which only showed Israel and no Palestine . You keep on thinking your blameless despite all the evidence and this endless milling never ends !
Yassar Arafet brough a Gun into the UN and threatend everyone present. You keep thinking that Palestinians are blameless?
To date Yassar Arafet was the only person to ever be allowed a gun into a open UN assembely.
I dont care what it looks like. They stole their home.
well then you should say them. i dont see any and nither do they
Be peaceful, overthrow Hamas, dismantle rocket installments, and negotiate a peace in good faith.
ocupay and control a million people? that are armed? why not just bomb them all to death at that point.
Why? If we don’t allow people to kill us we might as well kill them? Live in peace, don’t kill homosexuals and leftist Palestinians. Don’t shoot rockets. Live peacefully and there can be peace. If there was no war in 1948 we would now have two peaceful countries living side by side instead of the bloodshed we have now. 
Edit: spelling
If the murderous hamas regime will be brought down the Palestinians can join Israel just like the 2m Arab citizens, or have their own country but with actual democratic values and not kill any not Palestinian on sight
are you sure hamas are the ones making gaza a prison?
Yes. In 2005 Israël disengaged from the strip. There was a bit of hope that a neutral or peaceful coexistence would be possible. I even remember an American Jewish millionaire who bought a lot of Jewish greenhouses to accommodate the gazans with ready made agricultural infrastructure. If I remember well they were immediately destroyed. Anyways, in 2006 hamas won the elections with 44% of the votes. Afterwards they ousted the plo and took control. If you read the hamas charter you will see that their stated goal is the destruction of the state of Israel. You have to ask yourself how can I defend myself against a neighbour with those intentions, even if I am much more powerful. Wouldn’t you like to know what goes in and out his house, preferably not weapons. Even Egypt acknowledges this and has a tight control on its Gaza border. The blockade of Gaza is a direct consequence of Hamas policy of repeated confrontation with Israel, be it missile launches or terror attacks. The latest operation is also directly related to the recent civil unrest in the strip directed towards the regime. The idea is to deflect from their own mess and root the people against the external enemy. I sincerely hope for the sake of well meaning Gaza people and the future of their children that they can get rid of hamas. But what I see now on the streets of Gaza is mainly celebrations of their “victory”. Regrettably, it will be a very painful “victory”.
Oh yeah I’ve seen them.. it’s heartbreaking but I’m not JUST learning about this like most seams to be.. Israel has been doing the same exact things to Palestinians for over 50 years. 45 dead children this year alone. I know the videos didn’t come across your feed so you don’t care.. but that’s my point exactly. What videos and opinions dumb asses like you see are filtered by people who want to control the narrative. I feel bad for those people suffering now and I’m not saying they deserve it. It’s horrible. But seriously.. know when you’re being manipulated
 dumb asses
/u/Beginning_Action_776. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
No, I want Palestinians to 'roof knock' so civilians are not harmed.
WARNING :: IT'S GRAPHIC - [https://twitter.com/SamarDJarrah/status/1711051313239187923](https://twitter.com/SamarDJarrah/status/1711051313239187923)
More like let them defend themselves
Was not expecting that,but the zionists have been doing the same thing for Palestinians for decades and no one said anything
That's a lie and you know it.
Show me the video of zionists parading the broken naked corpse of a rape victim through the streets while other Jews spit on it.
I'll wait.
Surprised? This is just a small sample of Hamas' barbarity.
I get that but there was a time were it seemed as if there was enough of a moderate group inside them and influtenal enough to make it seem as if you could negotiate with them. Now that illusion is broken beyond repair.
I'm not taking a side because both sides have committed unforgivable acts of violence. Rather than choosing sides how can we make it known that violence against any woman and child is unacceptable +? Rape is never acceptable
Proof for these claims?
 fuck
/u/amigoingwrong. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Shut up bot.
No thank you
 shit
/u/Swaki85. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
So basically as long as Palestinians don't actually do anything to resist colonization and being occupied they won't be called terrorist. Westerners just want Palestinians to commit suicide or die.
 shit
/u/Tuhkur22. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Lol we post videos of fucking genocide on this site.
I think the terrorist attacks on civilians make Hamas a terrorist group. They’re not even a true military wing. Polls are irrelevant now. They’re manipulated to benefit whomever is putting them out. Donald Trump by all the polls in 2016 wasn’t supposed to come close to winning. He did. A small fraction of people from a country isn’t the country itself. Most Palestinians just want peace and recognition which was supposed to be given to them in 1947.
Yes they absolutely are a terrorist group, but it doesn't change the fact that they are the government of Gaza. 
It doesn't matter if they are recognized as the government or not; that's what they are. The PA does not rule Gaza, Hamas does. That makes them the government, even if they are a bad government. 
If you don't trust polls, then just say that you have no idea who represents Palestinians best. Don't say it is the PA. Either the polls are right, and Hamas represents them, or the polls are unreliable, in which case we shouldn't make any conclusions one way or the other. But there is no basis to say that the PA represents them and Hamas doesn't.
great because my country doesn't bomb my roof at night
The context of thousands of videos of the opposite thing happening not making it to your feed because of "reasons"
If they weren't brown you'd be saying it's justified anger. Italians did the same thing to Mussolini.
Dehumanizing the brown people? You might as well be a walking strawman. Ask Italians in 1945 what they did to Mussolini, are they subhuman monsters as well?
No. I am and always was an advocate of peace. This is terror, done by the murderers of Hamas, not Gaza civilians. If you condemn 9 11, you should condemn this too, or would you dehumanize the "brown people" to make your point right there too?
So were the nazies defeated by polite talk the response to violence is justifiable equal violence
Yeah, as do the videos of thousands of dead Gaza children killed by Israeli missiles
Collateral damage happens in wars. There’s the context for your comment, and it makes sense to me. Still waiting to hear why chopping off a child’s head makes sense to you.
Your right, Isreal has killed 5000 Palestinians, and Palestinians have killed almost 300 isreales. Isreal is the king of death in this conflict.
I would say the same thing if the situation were in reverse. I would hope that I would have the courage to fight occupying colonizers were to happen to me and my people. Sadly, my people are the world's colonizers.
Look what happens though.
What do you mean?...
Tell me you wouldn't tolerate checkpoints if women and children are getting kidnapped and murdered
Tell me you would do nothing if you were being oppressed after another religious group of people forcibly took your land and restricted your movement....
I’d leave and go to America and become rich like my family did. Sometimes you gotta take the L and move on.
I won’t
Then I guess your research has been pretty one-sided.
Genuinely asking: where are these videos? 
I’ve seen the occasional video of Israeli soldiers being rough with Palestinians, but nothing, nothing compared to this. Prove me wrong.
Sure I am in telegram groups of Arabs, I watch aljazeera look on palestinians from Gaza pages. I guess my research is one sided. Or maybe palestinians are liars from birth.
What a dumb fucking thing to say lmao
 fucking
/u/me_jub_jub. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
That's what I'm saying.
u/RedditAdminsAreWhack  
Terrorist sycophant ^  
Rule 1, don't attack other users.  
Addressed
 fuck
/u/RightHandLeftSide. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
What democracy? Can people in the west bank or east Jerusalem go an vote? It's no democracy. 
Isreal supporters will try just to find away to make the whole world wrong just for them to be right. 
Based on what? Delusion
Of course they can't vote in Israel, they're not Israeli. They vote for their own government.
East Jerusalem can in fact become Israeli citizens and vote.
The West Bank is NOT Israel why would they vote? They are Palestinians with a Palestinian government with a Palestinian rule set.
Can Mexicans vote in the US?
Taken directly from Al-Jazeera, an Israeli news source
https://preview.redd.it/tl9hd64z10tb1.jpeg?width=1080&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=5c76b8d0d0842ed1b20337f5561afb015f422895
How is this related? They were all deaths in conflicts started exclusively by the Palestinians, who ALWAYS try and massacare Jews but fail, until yesterday when they succeeded to do what they ALWAYS try.
Regardless of the article, how is Al Jazeera an Israeli source? Al Jazeera is stated owned and headquartered in Qatar. Qatar is one of the main funders of Hamas.
Yeah, the whole international law.
Well, you have isreal as an apartheid state, 15 million people with blood on their hand. I'm no special. I'm just one of you guys.
"Jewish people  is at war with the germany. If you know anothing about jewish ashkinazi history you would know they are the most barbaric and cruel people to ever walk this earth. And they justify everithing with they pedophile leader religion. Jewish has beens raping and castrating people for more than 5000 years. If you look at the history they almost always the first agressors but then claim to be the victims when they lose. Nazis are not good but godamn are you really defending the Ashkenazi Jewish people?" 
What's the difference between your speech and this? Nothing, you're just another nazi scumbag.
/u/unbalanced_brainhoe3. 'Nazis' Casual comments and analogies are inflammatory and therefor not allowed.  
We allow for exemptions for comments with meaningful information that must be based on historical facts accepted by mainstream historians. See [Rule 6](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_6._nazi_comparisons) for details.  
This bot flags comments using simple word detection, and cannot distinguish between acceptable and unacceptable usage. Please take a moment to review your comment to confirm that it is in compliance.
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
"Nazi" , so i am a brown  skin nazi now?, do i belong to the national socialist party now? But i am not even nationalist nor socialist nor arian so i dont understand your insult. But hey typical leftist strawman argument. In traditional islam culture is good to take the men and castrate as slaves, and take the women as sex slaves, it was super normal in the earlier jihads,and in modern time isis done it and  hamas is doing it. And more the jewish people are the native people of jerusalem, they first divided the city for the arabs and the jews but the the arab world tried to exterminate the jewish, israel won and then the arabs posed as victims. The palestinans vowed to kill all israelis, but when israelis defend themselfes they are the bad guys. Low iq creates people like you, that just dont have the hability to read the actually history.
u/unbalanced_brainhoe3  
"Jewish people is at war with the germany. If you know anothing about jewish ashkinazi history you would know they are the most barbaric and cruel people to ever walk this earth. And they justify everithing with they pedophile leader religion. Jewish has beens raping and castrating people for more than 5000 years. If you look at the history they almost always the first agressors but then claim to be the victims when they lose. Nazis are not good but godamn are you really defending the Ashkenazi Jewish people?" What's the difference between your speech and this? Nothing, you're just another nazi scumbag.   
Rule 1, don't attack other users. Rule 6, no Nazi comments/comparisons.  
Addressed.
No proof Sunnis were behind this. Infact not long ago Sunni states were making peace deals with Israel. The Gaza people know very well Israel will take revenge for any terrorism. Also Islam forbids terrorism.
Hahaha, thanks for the laugh habibi
They should also explain why the have Newborns as hostages… like literal baby’s on formula!!! WTF??? Palestine needs to get their demons in check.
They kill a lot of children by accident then. How many dead children does it take to start thinking maybe it's not an accident?
Dude, I respect that you have empathy for those children, and I respect that you’re willing to civilly discuss this. Let me paint you a scenario and ask what you’d do.
Let’s say your intelligence has identified a terrorist attack that’s going to happen. These men are planning to sneak across the border, raid a village, and kill innocents. You know exactly where these men are hiding. The only way to stop innocent Israelis from dying is to take them out.
The problem is that they’re hiding in an apartment building. So you drop leaflets on the apartment building, alerting civilians that it’s about to be bombed. The civilians choose not to leave. They stand by the terrorists who are planning this attack.
You’re now forced to either let them kill your civilians, or kill them and their civilians.
Which one do you choose?
This is a very realistic scenario that Israelis face all the time. Sometimes, Israelis do bad things too. And when Israelis commit war crimes (and they absolutely have) they should 100% be held accountable.
But the vast majority of the time Israelis kill Palestinian children, it’s a scenario similar to the above.
Again, what would you do in this shitty scenario?
You’re right. It’s not an accident. Hamas places civilians there intentionally to use as shields.
All of them. Why are children used as a means to gain sympathy? All of them will grow up with hate in their hearts by the culture that promotes it.
Did you only become aware of the Israel-Palestine conflict yesterday? It has literally always been the official approach of Hamas to hide behind civilians (as in: kill their own children) to force Israel to either leave them alone or accept civilian killings as collateral damage. There is a reason why not everyone sees this is a simple case of a victim and a colonizer.
Could we get an explanation on why Israeli stole the land and almost eradicated Palestinians? Iam waiting!
This is a debunked narrative. Time to get up to speed, it’s 2023.
Hamas supports Israel killing children?
Yes, they attack Israel, Israel attacks back, hamas uses human shields, more people are radicalized
If you say so. I'm not in a position to make that decision. I live in the real world, where the US killed hundreds of thousands of people in response to 9/11. I think it is more likely that people hold serious resentment when they are treated like Palestine has been by Israelis, especially while the treatment is ongoing.
All those cities on the border of Gaza weren't full of white Zionists a century ago. If you think that changed without this same behavior done by Israelis on a larger scale, then you are silly. The Zionists raped and tortured and slaughtered their way into founding Israel.
Probably? Shame if not. I'd suggest people stay out of apartheid shithole countries in general though. Too much risk.
Out of desperation. It should not have come to this and I do not agree with the violent nature of Hamas. However looking at it pragmatically, how else should Palestine defend themselves from 80 years of a fully militarised state bombarding and occupying their land?
It's complicated. Hamas kind of... murdered or drove out all their political opposition, and there's no way to verify that elections since then have been legitimate. 
So it's kind of a Putin situation where there are technically elections for the illusion of democracy, and there are certainly *some* Palestinians who genuinely like Hamas, but it's hard to accurately measure how much Palestinian support Hamas *really* has in Gaza and how much they are trapped because Hamas will kill anyone who tries to subvert them or negotiate with Israel.
911 was a lie for killing muslims, this is too. There is no way they couldn't see 5000 missiles were coming
How was 911 a lie? The USA reaction was terrible, but doesn't change the facts that Muslims extremists did it. The Israeli iron dome doesn't have 100% accuracy, so missles will reach the ground. It wasn't just missiles but people entering from different spots on the border.
afraid so
Did the French resistance gang rape young women and parade the corpses around
They very literally did to collaborators and women with German boyfriends. lmao
Cite a source. I am familiar with the concept of "horizontal collaboration" but not of equivalently barbarous punishment.
Also I believe it was all post war?
/u/yeahyeahitsmeshhh. 'Nazis' Casual comments and analogies are inflammatory and therefor not allowed.  
We allow for exemptions for comments with meaningful information that must be based on historical facts accepted by mainstream historians. See [Rule 6](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_6._nazi_comparisons) for details.  
This bot flags comments using simple word detection, and cannot distinguish between acceptable and unacceptable usage. Please take a moment to review your comment to confirm that it is in compliance.
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
I believe I am in compliance here arguing a point of WW2 history.
 shit
/u/MadeInWestGermany. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Well....it would seem to me,any collective punishment (war crime per Geneva convention btw),say againest places of religious significance or civilian infrastructure.....people are rightly or wrongly going to support those whom they see as making some effort to stand up and protect them
The English used have a phrase for it during WW2 called the spirit of the blitz,used it to underpin it's war effort,when Germany used bomb indiscriminately against civilians areas
If u mean Palestinian home by "areas"
I mean military bases in war areas
It is a historical fact that Germany made up an attack to have a reason to invade Poland. These bots are a joke...
because the multinational organization they spearheaded put control of that territory in its closest ally
and following the end of the largest-scale conflict known to mankind, they were very much in the driver's seat regarding the large number of displaced people from that conflict
there is large, large amounts of unoccupied land in the united states that could have definitely supported around a million people, which was Israel's population in 1950
Western Europe and the United States are essentially one entity in terms of international politics around the time of the inception of Israel.
Them fucking this whole thing up at the start either due to corruption or simply just plain skill issue, is the whole reason this mess exists in its current form.
 fucking
/u/honda_slaps. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
let it all happen when they're clearly the western hegemon
in functional organizations, the boss exists to take responsibility for the actions of the subordinates
ESPECIALLY in post WWII rebuilding era when US was absolutely shaping global politics
Are you 13?
The guilty for the start of this conflict are dead, ALL OF THEM.
the individuals yes, the institutions, no.
Unfortunately, those individuals made sure to pass on the institutions to the next generation, ensuring it's not just hate for the sins of the father but for actual tangible reasons too.
No. People nowadays are just born in the hate and can't let go of the past. 
Israel should integrate everyone instead of pushing down on them while Palestinians should stop demanding the entire place for themselves. 
Simple... If only people weren't selfish and stoopid
Fuck you bot
 Fuck
/u/forbidden_nachos. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Why is their hatred surprising ? Look at what you’ve done
I don’t condone the recent atrocities or anyone’s celebration of them… but cmon, do you not see that you’ve done far worse far more often? That’s going to breed resentment, it’s pretty simple bro
Start reconciling, apologising - and if I were you, I’d actually want to make a homeland elsewhere. Somewhere that hadn’t already had people living there for 2000 years
Israel invaded Palestine and has occupied it since 1947. You guys are the aggressors, the invaders, the occupiers - the bad guys. 
Nothing will change these simple facts
You are dense as lead
There was no Palestinian nation. The land belonged to the Brits, and before that the ottomans. Tons of jews lived there too.
There is no occupation or owner.
Learn some history before you speak. Pathetic.
 Fuck
/u/Two_Pickachu_One_Cup. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
End of the day just look at the stats. It’s clear who has committed the most atrocities
Agree, which is why the world is supporting Israel
Don’t forget to count Hamas militants hiding among Palestinian civilians as atrocities too.
Do you really believe it was empty lol, it had arab muslims and jews and Christians That identified as Palestinians
But the jews are the ones saying that the land belongs to them because of religion, all the arguments i saw on why the lands belongs to the Palestinians because they were there before the British greenlighted the coming of jews from everywhere
Go back far enough, and it belonged to the jews again. My point is that history is meaningless, unless you're saying that we should ignore what happened before a certain time.
What matters is that legally and in the eyes of the international community, Israel is a legitimate state.
 shit
/u/lavraku. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
According to an 11 August OCHA Protection of Civilians report covering the period from 25 July to 7 August, 167 Palestinians have been killed in the West Bank and Israel by Israeli security forces in 2023.
"Palestinians killed" include militants that actively fought with IDF forces. [This guy on Twitter](https://twitter.com/AdinHaykin1/status/1609833483710484480) has been documenting every single Palestinian death in the West Bank since the beginning of this year. The vast majority of them are were part of terrorist organizations, and/or participated in attacks on Israeli soldiers and civilians.
So no, it doesn't mean anything about Palestinians being "massacred". Nor is it something that justifies breaking into civilian homes, gunning down families at close range, kidnapping children and old ladies, and the other crimes against humanity the Palestinians have been committing since yesterday.
Sure it does 
https://www.reddit.com/r/PublicFreakout/comments/172sqhr/exidf_soldier_explaining_atrocities_while_laughing/
It has a wrong translation to make everything sound worse then it is
/u/dancingpopzombie. 'nazi' Casual comments and analogies are inflammatory and therefor not allowed.  
We allow for exemptions for comments with meaningful information that must be based on historical facts accepted by mainstream historians. See [Rule 6](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_6._nazi_comparisons) for details.  
This bot flags comments using simple word detection, and cannot distinguish between acceptable and unacceptable usage. Please take a moment to review your comment to confirm that it is in compliance.
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Agree.
That is the stated aim of the Israeli government.
Success.
And the world governments are fully on the side of Israel, as it is justice what Israel is doing.
Then go root out Hamas and Hezbollah - that will take years. Just as the USA has done and is still doing with Al Qaeda.
Hold up, you're joking right?... the US didn't root out al qaeda.
I mean, the USA killed Bin Laden and al-Zawahiri.  “Has done and is still doing” implies the job is not done and likely never will be.  But lets not act like the US hasn’t at least partially dismantled al Qaeda.  Rats multiply and you have to constantly keep killing them to keep them in check.  So I am sure they are proliferating under the current weak ass President who can’t form sentences - and we will be hunting them relentlessly at some point down the line as a result.
Are we just going to ignore the settlements? I mean, you clearly are. I’m not
Hmm…
people illegally creating new settlements
Versus 
people who want to eradicate an entire people 
Almost as if I can say the first is bad, while the second is a million times worse
https://www.dailysabah.com/world/mid-east/deceased-israeli-soldier-boasted-about-raping-palestinian-woman/amp
Propaganda! Lol show me the video of him doing anything at all.
https://reddit.com/r/ThatsInsane/s/lNnVHXxOmi
Your propaganda video is nothing compared to the videos of it happening.
https://preview.redd.it/56asuzf0r0tb1.png?width=1200&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=27d737ca1a2f06129d78c39bea4a3da2d2ef200e
Here also visit ocha if you want to see it from a more reliable source
Fuck you, bot
 Fuck
/u/ClaudetheFraud. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Coexist with the people who bulldoze their homes so immigrants can move in? 
The entire region should be a parking lot neither side can behave or act civilized.
Civilized nations don’t regularly bulldoze homes at gunpoint so that immigrants can move in.
If your a Palestinian and your family are wiped out with an Israeli rocket who would you think the terrorists are?
I certainly hope so.
What's that mean?  Red?  Ripped?  Raped?
If it's the latter murderous demons shouldn't be raped.
Right, just like a bully that steals your home, kills your parents, and strips you of all your rights.
So the Festival they shot op where over 600 are dead the German Girl was killed at.
That was okay?.
palestinians have been doing this shit since 1929. yeah, in response israel has gotten more and more brutal. what else could they do? but not only did the palestinians begin the cylce of brutality, at every stage it has been the palestinians who have escalated the brutality
Except, even worse. This is like doing it to her, her grandmother too, and then also her friend from overseas who came for a visit. 
The young woman’s naked corpse, face-down and twisted getting spat at in the back of the pickup in Gaza streets …was a German. Her crime? She danced…
Israelis aren't bullies, educate yourself.
lol, keep supporting genocide. Good on ya.
If it's genocide, how is the population growing?
Are you replying to me? If so, learn how to read. 
Am Israel Chai!
Nah, fuck you.
 fuck
/u/NewWaveofSubs. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
 Fuck
/u/wormzi. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
No choice? Oh man, there might be a terrorist hiding in a 14 story residential building. My hands are tied, better bomb the whole place and write of the civilians as casualties of war...
Off*
Yep, you got it.  Give civilians 3 days to get out and then flatten Gaza into an uninhabitable pile of rubble.  Nothing to come back to.  Anyone left hid in a tunnel and is a terrorist.  Starve them out.  See how easy it is?  War over.  Its gonna be different this time.  The moderate countries who typically play peace keeper and allow Gaza to continue to exist are over it.  Its sad, but its coming.
Nice joke, but I'll let you know brother that it's not just "a terrorist", they have whole ass missiles and rockets hidden all over the place and israel hits what it believes to be one of those locations.
Israel is a colonial state. It really shouldn't exist...
 fucked
/u/faggface. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
No, its a different video. I wont link it because its too gruesome, but you can find it on X@Partisangirl
 No, its a different video. I wont link it because its too gruesome, but you can find it on X@Partisangirl
 horsesh*t
/u/bignick1190. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Yup. Really sad situation. I imagine this escalation won't improve the situation for Palestinians, but anyone who doesn't see why it happened hasn't been paying attention. 
Tl;Dr during 2008-2020, 251 Israelis were killed by Palestinians and Israel killed 5590. You can't just constantly kill Palestinians and then act outraged when they retaliate.
Why do you associate the citizens in Israel with their military?
Hamas is separate for Palestinians but the Israeli army and the woman and children who were just murdered are in the same boat?
There's a difference between attacking a country's military or infrastructure and attacking civilians with the goal of killing as much as possible. 
Israel doesn't hide behind it's civilians the way Hamas does there is no justification for the murder and capture of men, women and children CIVILIANS.
So is the IDF
Palestine is not.
Imagine being called a Jew-hater because you understand why a country that has it's citizens oppressed and daily murdered for a generation might want to strike back at their aggressor.  Or for pointing out that propagandists exist on Reddit.
 ass
/u/hawkeys89. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Surely.
Palestine came first buddy. It's their land.
Pick up a history book, my dude. Under no circumstances was Palestine there first. You seem to be under the impression that Israel is to Palestine as the US is to the native population. You are very misinformed.
Was
You can’t invade your own land just because Israel occupied it.
yeah, you can?
Occupation of land got shit to do with their way of living and expressing, they could have built together prosper together but no they wanna jihad
I can't imagine being so vile to side with terrorists.
I DID NOT SIDE WITH YOU. 
Edit: I'm banned. Stop playing the adolf card when you are clearly the evil ones in this scenario.
You side with jihadi terrorists who preach the same stuff as your hero ad0lf
 shitty
/u/nbtsnake. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
You should tell Hamas not use hospitals, schools and residential buildings as rockets launch pads, using civilians as human shields and then complain Israel is bombing innocent people, Israel only targets terrorists, not civilians, they even warn them to evacuate before they strike.
Exactly what Russia tells Ukraine when it bombs schools and hospitals.
Where exactly could Palestinian civilians in the towers that were blown to pieces evacuate to?
“Security measures” amuses me. 
It’s not a security measure if you take away their water, electricity, internet, and food.
What did they earn from attacking places of worship during every major religious holiday? It’s just terrorising. There’s no benefit to that. They’ve bombed churches and mosques alike as if worshippers are the issue and not the governments.
Here in Europe we have the same sentiment talking about Palestine when we do about Ukraine.
Again, they’re ALLOWED to fight a coloniser.
Yesterday's events have shown that a wall is not only necessary, but far too little. There should be a real wall and a minefield there
I’m not saying it’s good to hurt people. But let’s not forget everything Israel has done to bring this on themselves.
Aside from the apartheid wall, burning agriculture and all that, there’s no shortage of data indicating Israel’s oppression. Here’s some below but it doesn’t scratch the surface. I’d recommend you look into this yourself:
Members of the Euro-Med Monitor team have documented in this report the killing of 204 Palestinians by Israeli army forces in 2022, 142 of whom were from the West Bank (69.6%), 37 from the Gaza Strip (18.1%), 20 from Jerusalem (9.8%), and five from the Arab localities within Israel (2.4%). It is important to note that this statistic, however, excludes the 18 Palestinians killed inadvertently during Israeli attacks—16 in the Gaza Strip, and two in the West Bank.
With 55 Palestinians killed, Jenin Governorate had the highest number of Palestinian deaths in 2022 compared to other Palestinian cities and governorates, accounting for 26.9% of all deaths. Nablus Governorate followed with 35 deaths, accounting for 17.1% of all deaths; this is due to the higher frequency of Israeli raids and the execution of other special operations in the two governorates.
August 2022 saw the most Palestinians killed in one month, with 42 deaths accounting for 20.5% of the total number of deaths, not including 16 others killed the same month as a result of local rockets falling in the Gaza Strip. The August death toll was high due to the Israeli army’s “Operation Breaking Dawn”, which lasted three days and targeted activists and sites associated with the Islamic Jihad movement in the Gaza Strip. October saw the next highest number of Palestinians killed (28), followed by 23 in April, 20 in November, 18 in September, and 17 in March, all in the West Bank and East Jerusalem.
A Palestinian female freed from Israeli detention said more than 15 fellow Palestinian women were raped by Israeli interrogators to force them to confess to charges leveled against them and collaborate with the Israeli intelligence.
But let’s not forget everything Israel has done to bring this on themselves.
Whataboutism
Aside from the apartheid wall,
Which was constructed to stop suecide bombings coming from the west bank. And did its job well
burning agriculture
Hammas does it too and in a bigger scale.
Members of the Euro-Med Monitor team have documented in this report the killing of 204 Palestinians by Israeli army forces in 2022, 142 of whom were from the West Bank (69.6%), 37 from the Gaza Strip (18.1%), 20 from Jerusalem (9.8%), and five from the Arab localities within Israel (2.4%).
Why where they killed?
With 55 Palestinians killed, Jenin Governorate had the highest number of Palestinian deaths in 2022 compared to other Palestinian cities and governorates, accounting for 26.9% of all deaths. Nablus Governorate followed with 35 deaths, accounting for 17.1% of all deaths; this is due to the higher frequency of Israeli raids and the execution of other special operations in the two governorates.
Palestinian deaths doesnt mean they were killed by the IDF. Aside, never heard about the terrorist group [the lions den?](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lions%27_Den_(militant_group))
“Operation Breaking Dawn”, which lasted three days and targeted activists and sites associated with the Islamic Jihad movement in the Gaza Strip.
So israel killed 42 terrorists. Whats the problem?
A Palestinian female freed from Israeli detention said more than 15 fellow Palestinian women were raped by Israeli interrogators to force them to confess to charges leveled against them and collaborate with the Israeli intelligence.
1 account isnt enough for thjngs like that.
The thing you have failed to mention here. is the amount of unarmed civiliance killed.
There is zero justification for brutally murdering innocent children, with a smile on their faces no less. Anyone who does that is a psychopathic barbarian. Full stop.
 ass
/u/TreeDramatic7994. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
 fuck
/u/BAforNow. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
[https://www.timesofisrael.com/idf-officer-who-raped-palestinian-was-not-dismissed-for-earlier-sexual-offenses/](https://www.timesofisrael.com/idf-officer-who-raped-palestinian-was-not-dismissed-for-earlier-sexual-offenses/) :)
There are much more but your government censors 90% of them
No there aren't.
He was sentenced to 11 years in jail, stripped of all his Israeli benefits, forced to pay reparations to the Palestinian victim and dishonourably discharged. This wasn't sanctioned or celebrated by the IDF. He was punished for his crime.
In Gaza, rape is actually legal - as long as you offer to marry the woman you raped.
Do you think these pigs in Gaza who touched and spat on this woman, while parading her through the street naked and doing god knows what to her are going to be forced to pay reparations to her family and punished?
Hamas doesn't even want to censor it, they are proud to strip women naked and do perverted things to them. They literally upload it online for the world to see.
You want all the backing of Western liberals but think it's okay to murder and rape someone because they have tattoos. Those are your supporters, the tattooed liberals haha.
I think the Western liberals are seeing these pigs for who they are and now Israel will be free to turn Gaza into a lifeless graveyard without anyone caring.
sorry, my source was wrong, not me
It's actually a kid from Yemen lmao
https://preview.redd.it/d2huw5s3pzsb1.png?width=1806&format=png&auto=webp&s=2b6d98e304c9446308676fef8132786d2994c697
ok i said ik and it was a mistake
The pic actually from Yemen so this child is a victim of Arab violence, which ever side it belongs to.
Yemens are Arabs. Its Saudi violence. Saudis litterially lick western ass and distroy there own culture. They are culture distroyers
You need to calm down. Agian I understand you are not as intellegnt as me. but then agian its not african, its yemeni, my mistake. Look at my other comeback. Also what tf did you just say about muslims? How does that relate to the topic at all
You're the same person who just said it was okay to kidnap a German tourist, parade her through the streets naked, so perverted pigs can touch and spit on her and then murder her because she was a tourist in Israel (so she was spending money that went to the Israeli economy) and because she had tattoos, which are haram in Islam.
Truly unbelievable.
Why are you being so condecending?
 fucking
/u/PhannyShmelar. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
When israel does the exact same shit on a larger scale, yes it does.
 shit
/u/OpposingGoose. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
I suppose you and Hamas can think that, But...whatever foreign sympathy they might have had is gone now after massacring hundreds at the concert.
https://youtu.be/62I61kBahNY?si=cHeMg6fFXfniyd08
 ass
/u/MysticsRealm. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Hamas does not consist of over 2 milion people no. I think I red somewhere that over 50% of the people in Gaza are under 18. So half of them are kids
Hamas is what the Palestinians in Gaza chose for themselves.
How can you conclude that they are not like them?
Almost one million of the people living in Gaza are children. They are not Hamas
Deal
I’ll help if that’s cool. Let’s get a lot of goats.
 Fuck
/u/Imallowedto. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
where do u see that video
nowhere it doesn't exist lol
I'm NOT searching for it again, just Google it
Ummmm, what am I wrong about?
Why would it be about the leaders? It is clearly the people who are getting drafted for a cause that matters not the leaders who capitalize off of it. Are you really gonna make the argument that palestine isn't dirt poor or that Gaza doesn't have horrible opportunities and living conditions because the leaders of the movement are living outside poverty?
Ok so it is not Bibi's fault according to you, and Bibi should continue bombing Gaza even more. Can you tell us how this will stop the cycle of violence? And what your alternative is to bring peace?
you've convinced me. It;'s all Bibi's fault. Everything. Well argued.
You are justifying a group of people having less rights
I've learned enough about the war crimes of both sides to know better than to lay blame on one side or another. There are plenty of interviews from former Arab and Israeli "terrorists" detailing their crimes floating around the internet. Horrific rape, torture, and murder recounted gleefully by both sides.
Every single one that was offered, Israel never to my knowledge denied a peace treaty.
Foreigners landing from Europe have a claim?
The first human settles of that area were hebrews (basically jews) 2000 years ago. It has changed hands a million times since then (like most parts of the world) but in the early 1900s was divided between palestinians and jews.
In the time since, jews have built incredible things and infrastructure while palestinians have generally acted like animals.
No.  I don’t get it.  That’s why I asked.  So let’s really talk.  Beyond the Muslims-hate-Jews rhetoric, what concrete reasons are there for Iranians to hate Israelites?  What history is there?  What empirical observations can be made based on real events?
No no. That's it. 
There's also historic issues with fallout from Cold war hostilities. Leading to current hostilities between the Islamic Middle East and Jewish Israel being flared by the East v. West mentality. 
So Israel being an ally of eastern European nations and especially America. In tandem with their jewishness makes their existence an affront to the entire Middle East, historically mostly Egypt and Syria, but more recently Afghanistan and Iran. 
Just as a quick resource list. Heres a wiki article on some of it https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Iran%E2%80%93Israel_proxy_conflict
oh shush you silly cunt
 cunt
/u/233045. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Well you aint shushing the tanks rolling into palestine :)
grew up seeing plenty of the idf attacking young Palestinian children thanks
Maybe so, but I don't see the point why many trans people and others from the LGBTQ group in the Western world are in favour of Palestine, even though they would be the first to be hung from the next streetlight there. That was actually the point of my comment.
If they had any capacity to think they would oppose Islam as an ideology just like they oppose transphobia. But they don’t.
 shit
/u/yashptel99. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
And the Jews just follow theirs to justify the atrocities they commit.
The entire region should belong to neither group because neither is civilized
IDF never stripped Arab women naked, paraded them around and took hundreds of sex slaves. What Muslims are doing can’t be compared to individual mishaps with the IDF. Muslim fighters are raping any Israeli women they get their hands on or are abducting them.
Gee why would someone support the victims of an ongoing genocide against a fascist ethnostate 🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔
Ok had a feeling that may be the case. Personally I can't see any peace that includes Hamas still existing in any significant way.
I see it as a 2 step.
A successful River Palestine, will take a lot of international support away from Ocean Palestine.
Then Ocean Palestine does away with hamas and the third state appears
I don't see the logistics of them uniting, unless there's some federation like solutions. And that seems a pipe dream now.
You never saw it because who has greater access to resources and the media? Israel. There are plenty of stories and video footage of Israel committing attrocities. You are cherry picking and i have a feeling it is out of malice. 
Palestinans won't get the chance to escape if these so called holy government people of Israel decide to bomb the whole flipping area. 
You are, AGAIN, simplifying the issue and think it sounds righteous to say "an eye for an eye" which is so egregiously inhumane you should be ashamed of yourself
You can be as humanitarian as you want in times of peace. Once war is declared it is war. Action needs to be taken. Previously I was of the opinion that Palestine was wronged and supported them. Now I see their true face and the videos they themselves are taking and sharing. Whatever argument you have about who started it first no longer applies and will not be heard. The head of the snake has to be cut off before it grows. Sometimes, in doing good, there will be some evil. It's not a black and white world.
Palestinians are broadcasting it themselves because they're proud of it.
I am not advocating anything. I have long thought about this conflict, but I see no solution to it. Other than lots of blood and suffering and then either Israel eventually occupying all the land and evicting the people who live there, or their nation getting destroyed in a horrible regional war.
I think the first scenario is better than the second one, but it is also a very unjust and lamentable one.
I wish there were better outcomes available and perhaps there is, but I’m not seeing them.
Israel is fully within their rights to respond militarily to the attacks and kidnappings which took place. I have no issue with that.
What I responded to was your idea that things could have been better if we had just been more strict against extremism. Islamic terrorism is a factor in this conflict, but it is not at the heart of it. It is instead about the interests of the Israelis as a people and a interest of the Palestians as a people. And of the interests of the countries surrounding them.
I’m not someone who tries to brush away the threats and problems of Islamic extremism. I am in favor of severely reducing the amount of immigrants to Europe from Islamic countries, partly because of the many problematic aspects about Islam. But in this conflict, religious extremism is an important factor that influences several things, but it is not the real driver of it.
You make a good point and aren't coming from an emotionally charged mindset like I am. I appreciate the banter.
Definitely.
Good for you then
Genocide is still genocide
I hope you are right.
 fuck
/u/DarkChoomba. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
 Fuck
/u/King-Yakub. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
You can't fully support isreal. Then, for the past 75 years, I can't forgetten they have a right to defend themselves, as do all people. Its just sonmessed up the amount of support this masscre is getting.
Would you not do the same thing? They’ve been oppressed and treated like absolute garbage for the last 75+ years, and they’re finally getting a little taste of what it’s like to win.
It’s insane that you think raping and murdering civilians is “a little taste of what it’s like to win.”
No, I would not, what the hell is wrong with you?? You think it's normal to act like sub-human monkeys raping and killing civilians for revenge? That does nothing except unite everyone against you, it achieved no military goals.
Because nobody with a brain would support terrorism
Why is israel a christian nation surrounded by 5+ muslim countries who wanted to destroy them since the beginning of time still standing? And the strongest superpower out of any country surrounding them? 
Gods chosen people
You can call me whatever u want or use word salad all day long. Facts are facts. 
No muslim country can fuck with israel. And they cannot be destroyed. Theres a reason for it. God is good.
Israel a christian nation? WTF have you've been smoking? you're delusional AF
 fuck
/u/MackMuurder. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
/u/Herbvapesaretrash. 'Hitler' Casual comments and analogies are inflammatory and therefor not allowed.  
We allow for exemptions for comments with meaningful information that must be based on historical facts accepted by mainstream historians. See [Rule 6](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_6._nazi_comparisons) for details.  
This bot flags comments using simple word detection, and cannot distinguish between acceptable and unacceptable usage. Please take a moment to review your comment to confirm that it is in compliance.
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
What israel does is justified actually. Its their land and forever will be.
As long as Palestinian people exist, it will never be Israel's land. What Israel does is justified? Cool. Let not one person be shocked at retaliation and justified viloence from Hamas then. Free Palestine forever.
260 people unarmed people , you know human beings with families cause it's shoking that some people shot dead at a rave.  So to you, this massacre is justified that. Masscres are justified there's nothing wrong with killing unamred civilians; just make sure it's the right side (hamas, palestinians) doing it. 👍
 shit
/u/NearbyAlgae1319. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
 fuck
/u/lotsoflovebear69. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
I hope the guy I asked to suck a dick got the same message
 fuck
/u/Consistent-Song-6. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
 dick
/u/ArrestTrumpVoters. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Good bot
You mean because Hamas attacks them from those buildings. Did the idf launch rockets from the music festival? 
If the idf was as amoral as Palestinians keep saying, then there would be no living Palestinians. Israel exercises tremendous restraint when it could obliterate Gaza in a few hours.
 shit
/u/Heavy_Acanthaceae124. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
yikes.
Just like how gay people could stop being targeted in Islamist regimes by just not being gay anymore?
They left their homeland once before due to being terrorized. I doubt they'll do it again.
Yes if i see some one justifying the war crimes of the Israelis.
Fuck outta here bot
 Fuck
/u/27bluestar. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Do you agree everyone should stop doing that?
Feel free to provide footage.
Likewise (regarding the rape claim above)
 fucking
/u/MysteryLolznation. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
I don't see any happy Israelis from this horrible incident, no celebrations and no spitting at a corpse, thats the difference. Both sides will obviously have casualties and both sides will end up doing bad things, but one [Palestine and hamas] will celebrate the war crimes and the other [Israel] will be shameful and try to improve itself
One question - what was that group of men doing at the border fence in the first place?
u/Hob_O_Rarison  
Protesting, Actually isreal killed and wounded thousands in peaceful protests in Gaza and the west bank  
They actually brag about how many they can "hunt" in one day  
[https://www.haaretz.com/israel-news/2020-03-06/ty-article-magazine/.highlight/42-knees-in-one-day-israeli-snipers-open-up-about-shooting-gaza-protesters/0000017f-f2da-d497-a1ff-f2dab2520000](https://www.haaretz.com/israel-news/2020-03-06/ty-article-magazine/.highlight/42-knees-in-one-day-israeli-snipers-open-up-about-shooting-gaza-protesters/0000017f-f2da-d497-a1ff-f2dab2520000)
Israel has imprisoned 2 million human beings.  
They aren't.  
They won’t let them out.  
They'll let them go to any country that'll take them.  
Not to mention Israeli settlers are STILL stealing homes on a daily basis from innocent Palestinians.   
They aren't though.
WhT happened yesterday is horrible. However Palestine is entitled to fight back.   
They're required to follow LOAC.  
What would you do if someone took your house and destroyed your life? I’d try to kill them and everyone who helped them.   
Oh so you're justifying attacking civilians? You're opening up many Gazans for violence
BS. Gaza has a border with Egypt and there are people who commute into Israel from Gaza for work.
Hamas are the ones who are holding people hostage.
 Fuck
/u/Brave_Armadillo5298. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
"They" who are they? People are also celebrating the attacks on Gaza going on right now. Would you find it fitting to say Israelis are celebrating right now? Cause I don't. There are sick people on both and all sides. But why do we need to generalize one side and ignore those people on the other? The people celebrating are sick and horrible. But don't make it a reason to hate everyone because of some
Sorry mods. Just some jerk from all. I adjusted my language.
Different assets and strategy, nothing more. Their current murder-sponsorship and hatemongering and their previous more direct actions are each plenty enough to merit their destruction.
 The PA was established as part of the Oslo Accords as a result, the PA has been committed to engaging in diplomatic negotiations with Israel rather than pursuing armed resistance.
But you still see mass support to their hideous crimes
Yeah, there are some people who actually support Hamas that is beyond the point, I think most people are saying what Hamas is doing is unsurprising, and using whataboutism that does not necessarily mean they support Hamas
But the PIJ and Lions Den? So not every one but more than just Hamas. Hamas is the biggest one with also the most political and social power out of all of those, but not the only one
The PLO is not free from sin either but very far from them.
Yeah but a healthy Palestine does not produce a Hamas, the reason why palestinians in the West Bank don't actually carry out attacks or launch invasions of israel is that they have a higher living standard. 
this whole conflict reminds me of this meme.
"PLEASE STOP KILLING EACH OTHER!"
Difficulty: Israel/Palestine
It's hard to say, maybe you're right, maybe it was just ignorance, in any case too a lack knowledge plays a big part.
I haven't read the manifesto any more than I've read the Israeli constitution.
After all we live in different day to day realities, and there is so much going on in this world and in its history that it is simply difficult to deal with everything in such a way that one has a detailed insight.
Yesterday I saw a tweet from the Foreign Office of my country in which they said that no money goes to Palestinian authorities, only project-based humanitarian aid to NGOs.
My ass, they need money for humanitarian aid but have enough for thousands of missiles. And even if it were true, the effect of the auf seems to be zero. If it's up to me, they should be cancelled right now at the very latest.
It's a really sad reality, and what's worse - you've invited this evil into your own homes.
Today they were firing [fireworks in Malmo](https://twitter.com/PeterSweden7/status/1710987136600551857), and people are [celebrating in London](https://news.sky.com/video/israel-palestine-conflict-immigration-minister-people-accuses-people-in-london-of-glorifying-terrorist-activities-of-hamas-12979820).
Tomorrow you're going to have pro-palestinian rallies in major European cities.
 ass
/u/equilibrium_cause. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
As an American, I know I’m ignorant. But, the data is pretty clear on who has been oppressing whom: https://www.ochaopt.org/data/casualties
I appreciate your points, some have merit, such as people in this thread reflecting bias and hypocrisy, however, I’m not accusing YOU of celebrating murder, but Palestinians are, Muslims in London and all around the world ARE. If they could see it as you do, I doubt they would. But the fact is, they don’t. And yea neither side is right or more deserving of justice, they both have been wronged. But at this point in time, Hamas invaded Palestine. They have done things at least publicly, that I have never seen IDF do. Come on, how can we deny that?
That's still showing far more humanity than what Palestinians are willing to show to Israelis.
 fuck
/u/armchair_hunter. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Fake news!
Palestinians will accept Jordan but they won’t accept Israel. Jordan is Palestine just as Israel is Palestine. Times change, nations rise and fall. Christian Palestinians aren’t waging Jihad.
Who is shooting kids? do you mean the kids that were used as shields and had bombs strapped to them? I don't think Israeli soldiers had an option. Mistakes happen in war unfortunately. Palestinians have a good propaganda machine though.
Can you show where this poor 16 year old had a bomb strapped to him when he was sniped dead by israeli forces just a few months ago?
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-12283431/CCTV-shows-Palestinian-boy-shot-dead-Israeli-sniper-unarmed.html
When Israel kills kids they don’t parade them on tv and shout with joy
Nope instead they cover it up and wheel out the usual excuses of accident/human shield/militant
Unfortunately, that is not the case. This conflict would have long ago ended were this were true. Gaza and the West Bank are good starting points for a State, combined with some land swaps in the proposed peace deals. In time security measures would wane and commerce and prosperity would ensue. But, the conflict continues because they want all of it. And so they continue a policy of terrorism and murder.
You can't understand this conflict without understanding the role antisemitism played in shaping the Arab response to Jewish sovereignty. It is completely anathema to them that any Jew should hold any political power in a region they deemed solely their domain.
As do I, propaganda sucks. Al Jazeera has so many lies though, there isn't nearly as much Israeli propaganda
I generally look outside news sources, generally interviews by academics from myriad countries. I am looking at history of the conflict, hence my comment about Israel not looking too good. That is where I am at right now, I watch, listen, read, digest. Haven't watched Al Jazeera coverage of this as yet.
  there isn't nearly as much Israeli propaganda
Lol what? Basically all of Western Media is pro-Israel
there isn't nearly as much Israeli propaganda
You've got to be joking.
*Intentional civilian deaths* I'm sorry, but I don't consider a terrorist coming to stab someone getting shot at and killed being included in these lists.
Follow more Arabs before being prejudiced
Im good. Id rather not have to watch them post hatred while im calling my family wondering if theyre okay but thanks for the suggestion
I don't think so. I assumed anyone that see's the "shoot at  Palestinians who are fleeing if they had previously thrown stones " part see's that it is not ok, so I didn't include any further commentary.
I’m talking to someone who ignores facts, your opinion is irrelevant. I draw the line at raping women and children and you seem to be supportive of that. You’re a sick fuck who supports innocent people being raped. Cheers buddy go talk to someone who gives a shit about your stupid opinions. We are talking about Palestine not Ireland.
 fuck
/u/HomoMilkGuy. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Brudda where’d I say you can’t have sex with your captive? You think war is roses and petals? There’s a code. Long as they follow the waiting period and stick to only having sex with their own slave and not cucking/rape behavior of the west/hindus it’s not indiscriminate rape. Welcome to war bud. You probably got soft sexy liberal hands that hasn’t ever even touched a gun. Give me three days with u and I’ll make a man out of you
That’s *almost* what I just said, but no. 
I think both hamas and Israel are terrible.
Right yeah, obviously the innocent Jews who were slaughtered by the hamas terrorists are terrible according to you.  Both are definitely equally terrible right?
It was just a metafor. Clearly you didn’t get it.
“At least 256 Palestinians were killed over the past 24 hours, including 20 children, the Palestinian Ministry of Health in Gaza said Sunday. A further 1,788 Palestinians have been injured, including 121 children, the ministry said in a statement.”
https://edition.cnn.com/middleeast/live-news/israel-hamas-gaza-attack-10-08-23/h_3d2647ff27a04430b22c773ec9b326d9
Yep, Palestine started a war, the blood is on their hands.
Thats why you dont start wars.
How ignorant of you. The terrorists yes f@k them no sympathy for them but the civilians got nothing to do with this.
Go fuck yerself
 fuck
/u/hello_there166. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
😂😂😂 relax bro
"please remove your down vote now?". Yeah ok
The Christians are with us. That's what you refuse to understand. 
You can call us braindead, but which one of us worship a paedophile and treasure 7th century mentality? Which one still says camel urine is medicinal? Which one quotes passages regarding death and destruction for all Non-Muslims. 
Wanna keep going?
I seen videos of Jewish ppl spitting on Christmas
Thing is, everything of it is simply BS, except the Mandela part. Yet, you want me to quote you what the same Mandela said about Israel?
It was an example. Mohammed El-Kurd is a famous Palestinian commentator. 
&#x200B;
Wow, imagine hating Jews so much that you call the place they originated thousands of years ago a sympathy state.
Hating Jewish ppl is a big claim I have no issue with Jewish ppl , it’s the Idf the terror organization, and what is isreal other than sorry abt halocoust
 dick
/u/NahItsFineBruh. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Get fucked
civilian
/sɪˈvɪlɪən/
noun
a person not in the armed services or the police force
Britannica Dictionary definition of COLLATERAL DAMAGE. [noncount] : forms of damage including deaths and injuries that are a result of the fighting in a war but happen to people who are not in the military.
This is the average person Gaza, I’m absolutely right, I lived with them, no one will say it because they’re Western and don’t know or because they’re ashamed
It proves my validity over yours and in response to your accusation, that means everything.
If they start shouting about god every 5 seconds in the background of the war videos I'll be against them too
You the kind who likes his meat from a supermarket shelf and cannot stomach it's process.
They cancel anyone who says anything against Islam. Books are banned by schools for saying it as well and professors are fired.
Well ime neither a writer nor a professor and I leave nowhere near any Islamic country so I don't give a damn.
Man this suck s!
Ah fuck. The bot stopped working.
Right now, in your bedroom. Bye
I sent you a video of an old Israeli prime minister saying Palestine existed and that she was born Palestinian, and you come back with "Palestine never existed".
You see why people like me don't want to argue with people like you? You just refuse the facts even when you're presented with such very clear and irrefutable proof.
However you do accept the parts you like and believe in. It's so silly.
Palestine never existed as a country. Also the jews were there first as the chosen ones of allah. So the land rightfully belongs to them.
Look at a map of Palestine and how it's lands have been slowly stolen by Israel since the 40's.
Surely in history this is a rare thing, calling for the genocide of Jews? Right?
You'd think that were the case, being that it's 2023, but alas it is not. Hence the reason for Israel's inception...
/u/BruisedPumpkin. 'Nazi' Casual comments and analogies are inflammatory and therefor not allowed.  
We allow for exemptions for comments with meaningful information that must be based on historical facts accepted by mainstream historians. See [Rule 6](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_6._nazi_comparisons) for details.  
This bot flags comments using simple word detection, and cannot distinguish between acceptable and unacceptable usage. Please take a moment to review your comment to confirm that it is in compliance.
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
That.. AND don’t forget it’s closed off from Egypt’s side too! Our “brothers” in language and religion 🤦🏻‍♀️ 
I don’t blame either countries for doing what they need to do to keep their peace…
Alot of them don’t have the means. People living in Gaza have no passports. I have seen time and again how families strive to marry their daughters to men who hold any passport, and men wanting to marry foreigners for the same reason.
It’s much more complicated than pick-up-and-leave…
So they're abused, scared, and weak, and instead of rising up against their abusers, they join hands and help attack jews?
The apartheid state was doing the same to them at a higher rate. They hate hamas but they can't rise up against hamas while Israel continues to kill them as well at again a higher rate.
I don’t agree on calling the situation in any way an apartheid. 20% of all Israeli citizens are originally arab.. if I want to wipe an entire race out (not that Palestinians are a race 🙄) why would I offer any of them citizenship and rights? Why would the CEO of Israel’s largest bank be of Palestinian origin???
Israel is not an apartheid state.
Hamas is definitely terrorist and today from what I’ve seen, no different that ISIS!!
Yes exactly. Fascist Israel has kept Palestinians in an open air prison and constantly bomb, beat and harass them. Thank you for showing how Israel is responsible for the action of both sides.
Did you get dropped on your head a few times as a child?  You probably rooted for the Empire in starwars lmao.
Sinn Fein had one of the only reasonable press releases about this subject that I've seen. Israel has the power to exterminate every last Palestinian immediately. They have the weapons to do it, and with this latest attack, it seems they have a way to justify it. Sinn Fein calls for 3rd party intervention. If left alone, this conflict will only escalate, and there's a severe imbalance of arms and training between the two parties, so it will only end in the extermination of all Palestinian people, whether civilians or combatants. If a 3rd party keeps Hamas away from Israel and the IDF away from Palestine, we can hope for a cessation of fighting and perhaps an end to the illegal settlements, brutal policing, rationed water, and restricted movement we've seen grow over the last 50 years.
You can’t expect the IAF to look for a Hamas munitions dump that’s situated away from civilians, their whole tactic depends on them forcing Israel to attack residential areas if they want to destroy their weapons caches and bases.
They hide weapons anywhere they can, if you say it’s posturing for the international stage then bombing a children’s hospital can’t be just for fun
Yes, you *can* expect armed forces not to blow up civilians. It is against the Geneva Convention, and there are alternative methods to capture and dispose of enemy ammo dumps from blowing them up with civilians in them. Even the US didn't simply bomb every civilian target they suspected of containing munitions in Iraq and Afghanistan, they captured the dumps and usually exploded the ordinance themselves. To be clear: targeting civilians is unequivocally wrong. When the redcoats fired into crowds of Bostonians, that was wrong. When the US bombed Vietnamese, Cambodian, and Korean villages for the crime of being within 1000 miles of a conflict, that was wrong. When Ulster Unionists indiscriminately killed anyone they suspected of being a Catholic, that was wrong. When the IDF bombs a suspected ammo dump filled with civilians, that is wrong.
.... That's the universal legal definition of genocide adopted by the UN during the genocide convention of 1948. But sure, you can say I'm not a historian and don't know what I'm talking about while you don't know what you're talking about. That's fine.
(Also you don't need to do every single thing, check every box, in the definition for it to be considered genocide. That's not how it works)
So this attack justifies the 70 years of unequal violence and apartheid to you? All while you pretend israel doesn't kill and attack women and children on a daily basis? I'm not justifying this attack but trying to pretend ,while one side holds all the power which radicalize these people even further, it exists in a vacuum is nonsense. 
Gaza is literally called a open air prison even by people/organizations that excuse the violence israel does everyday. You can't pretend that doesn't contribute to the radicalization compared to other regions.
I never said it existed in a vacuum.
I said nothing justifies what I have seen on social media with regards to the murder and kidnap of civilians including children and the sexual desecration of corpses. 
And many of the militants flying the black flag of Islam. We all know the attack is because Iran doesn’t like the fact Israel and Saudi are trying to normalise relations. Hamas actively want death and destruction like all Islamists. It’s the only power they have. They can’t exist without that chaos and they can’t radicalise people without it. 
Yeah sadly this is probably the beginning of the end for Gaza in it’s current form. 
Lots of innocent people on both sides are going to die because Hamas want it.
Gaza is literally a boxed in prison.
That doesnt change the point. Hamas know exactly what they are doing when they are shooting rockets from schools and residential areas. They want Israel to retaliate and they want civillian deaths so that the international comunity puts pressure on Israel .
I didn't say she deserve to be raped loool. You're triggered how about calm down? Lol
But I would like to add that's it totally absurd how you're sad for murders committed on your side in one day but not sad for what your government has been doing to Palestinians for 75 years. I saw millions of photos on TV like the ones of the "German tourist body being paraded around the street" since I was a 5 years old. The crimes that you vote for the criminals that commited them because you like how it looks. Disgusting crocodiles.
EDIT: Grammar
EDIT: Seeing the crimes that YOU voted to see shouldn't hurt you in any way. So don't act human now, terrorist devils.
Looking at your comments, you seem pretty obsessed with the genocide of palestinians, and btw more palestinians were killed by Israel this year than the opposite despite this Attack.
Hamas didn't exist before Israel.  It is Palestinians only way to fight back against Israel. If you and your family were evicted from your home. By a race of people who left the area thousands of years ago but decided to reclaim you families home.  Your family is sent to a refugee camp, fenced in, deprived of resources. Imprisoned.  Would you not fight back against the invaders.  Do you really expect Palestinians to just accept this?  Without fighting back?  It's a completely unbalanced war.  They are forced into abject poverty with no way out and no future prospects.
So you think there is no distniction between Palestine and Hamas. Israel isnt going anywhere, and one country is gonna have to stand down, if not I think at that point there is no room for negotiation, just let the 2 countries destroy each other and let the victor get the spoils.
I honestly personally don't see fighting back against a state that is commiting war crimes against you for decades and breaking international law as "something bad" in my eyes it is completely justified and reasonable.
Ur kinda proving my point, if u start looking at the past u just keep running around in circles. At some point someone has to take the loss and end it or keep going until one of them is destroyed.
A child is responsible for the actions of the government they happen to live under? You're out of your fucking mind.
 fucking
/u/A_Fancy_Lizard. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Everyone who subscribed to the faith is responsible for the actions of what amounts to a theocracy.
You think he’s going to grow up and believe in a free Palestine?
Are you defending the kidnapping of child by saying he supported the Israeli government? And unlike Palestine, Israel as a state doesn’t sanction the murder of Palestinian children. Some rogue IDF units may do that, and sometimes those crimes are covered up, and those are war crimes and unjustifiable. But to pretend there’s moral equivalence between the government that tried to avoid civilian casualties, and the one that *pays the families of of people who commit terrorism and venerates them as martyrs* is absolutely insane. Neither side have clean hands, but the Palestinian’s are far dirtier.
Palestine has killed less people, is stealing no land. 
The Israeli government is paying people to commit terrorism. Do you not think the settlers are committing terrorism by forcing people out of their homes at gun point? That seem just and acceptable to you? That’s done and encouraged by the Israeli regime.
The entire region needs to be turned into a parking lot because none of you religious nut jobs know how to act.
So you support the Genocide of the  Palestinian people and Israelies?
Nice.
as though each side isn’t in wild support of genocide towards the other lmao.
i prefer the west bank ones, fatah is kinda ok
hamas basically only can exist in a state of war, and they want to exist, so to them, keeping peace away is the inly way they can continue to get support and throw more people to die against the israelis
i really just want them to live together. its proven people can live together even with differing cultures. yes they will eventually mix and mingle, but thats the beauty of human society. cultures mix and new stuff emerges. cuktures also split too.
It’s the fault of the terrorists that Israeli soldiers killed those kids playing soccer on the beach? It’s Hamas’s fault that Israel settlers keep kicking families out of their homes? Stop lying to yourself and stop excusing the horrible actions of Israel. Both sides suck and to say otherwise is just wrong
Also, I’ve seen your comment history and it’s a lot of you saying it’s ok for Israel to kill innocent civilians by carpet bombing the entire region.
Stop getting your information from Al Jazeer. Israel is warning everyone about the places they are bombing. Civilians have time to get out. But weapons cannot be moved in that time, they are bombing Hamas.
 fucking
/u/imonlyamonk. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
/u/imonlyamonk. 'Hitler' Casual comments and analogies are inflammatory and therefor not allowed.  
We allow for exemptions for comments with meaningful information that must be based on historical facts accepted by mainstream historians. See [Rule 6](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_6._nazi_comparisons) for details.  
This bot flags comments using simple word detection, and cannot distinguish between acceptable and unacceptable usage. Please take a moment to review your comment to confirm that it is in compliance.
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Lmao are you trying to lie and say they aren’t doing that? The UN disagrees and we do have actual footage of it happening you shill. 
Zionism occurs every day this is not up for debate it’s a stone cold fact backed with years and years of watchdog monitoring
https://www.amnesty.org/en/latest/campaigns/2017/06/israel-occupation-50-years-of-dispossession/
Let me guess you think amnesty international is lying? A group with a flawless track record
 Fucking
/u/warriormango1. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Your argument is so stupid. If ancient history was irrelevant then Islam, Christianity, etc every religion would be irrelevant. Quit being a bigot and accept jews were apart of Isreal for thousands of years.
I’m not impressed by childish internet accusations of “bigotry”; I couldn’t care less what anybody’s religion or race is. Genocide is Genocide. Ethnic cleansing is ethnic cleansing. 
Nobody owns land they’ve not occupied since the end of the Roman Empire. And no amount of Wikipedia article quotes changes that.
Let's not forget during the Crusades thousands of innocent people were killed and ransacked by the Christian invaders under pope innocent. Which is so ironic
Yes you can, one side integrates while the other stops demanding full control. 
We did it in Romania with Hungarians after they occupied us, executed us and terrorised us.
Hungary didn’t have F-35’s and unconditional U.S military support
Now flip that argument on Israel. Only one is an Apartheid settler colonial state. So legitimately, only one should be allowed to survive if we want to call ourselves decent human beings.
Can’t argue who deserves it, idk the history that well if I’m being honest but I see your point. However Israel like Russia can overwhelm their enemies so the likely hood Palestine survives this is unlikely imo.
Or cut it off like a slice of cake
It's been the Jewish homeland for milennia. Try again.
They come from Ny and take Palestinians land that’s not their land
Ah yes, classic strategy, pretending videos of IDF mistreatment don't exist. Bravo. 
First, I don't keep a library of those videos cause I'm not a sicko (okay, I try) and I'd rather un-see them if possible. 
Second, agree both side are not the same. One side has money, resources, international support and an excellent PR to cover up there crimes against humanity. The other has peasants in comparison, who are forced into smaller territories whilst losing what little they had, and no one gives a whoop.
Strictly speaking, I don't have a horse in this race. Only came to balance out the bias, but y'all pro-Israel shills work hard af
So what you're saying is that you are full of shit and can't come up with anything else to defend your opinions.
"Palestinians are less evolved than monkeys"
"How is that racist?"
Cool ..you don't believe in the Bible... that's understandable...
Where did I say the palestines are blameless??? Stop making stuff up!!! But that's what your government does  so the shoe fits .  Its absolutely shocking and sickening  what happend to the people of Israel today clearly orchestrated and carridd out by terrorists on  but also the nearly 6000 Palestinians who have been killed by Israel over the last 15 years and countless more who have died through lack of proper medication etc in Gaza but ya you keep thinking your blameless and this never ends . Both sides must change their ways . Life is too. Short for all this death and destruction and yes I myself fully belive both sides are to blame .
And the Brits of course , have their ancestors fingerprints all over death and destruction across this world
But that's what your government does  so the shoe fits
Then do you feel comfortable not making a difference between Hamas Terrorists and Palestinains? 
Because if all Israelis are the same then all Palestinains are the same.
you are talking about instituting a complete aparthid state
If the partition plan was accepted by Palestine why would that be apartheid. It would be two states living next together in peace
No I’m talking about a complete democratic state where everyone lives in equality and peace. Obviously it can’t happen if hamas is controlling Gaza
what are you talking about? we were the ones that put hamas there! we helped them win there war after the elections in the vest bank.
You are right that we stupidly thought that they were the lesser of two evils but still you see widespread support for the brutal murderers
So bombing children, arresting innocents, and discriminating others just because of religion is OK in your book?
Palestinians have gone through hell for fucking decades and when they fight back you show your shocked pikachu face?
Haha
 fucking
/u/joedabst. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
 fucking
/u/Hand-Picked-Anus. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
No, but of course thanks to Google you'll never see the thousands of times Israel has done the same thing.
Thousands of Palestinian children have been purposefully tortured and mutilated by Israelites but I won’t see that because… google? 🙄 whatever.  thanks champ. Have a good one
Wtf are you talking about?... Are you just trying to highlight your ignorance here? 
As if the Palestinian people could simply just immigrate to America....
A lot of them have done exactly that. Some are even in congress!
You're saying that based on what I said I must support terrorists. Which is a dumb f**king thing to say.
 f**king
/u/me_jub_jub. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Yet they're still occupied, and in the same time isrealies who live in settlements can still go and vote.
Gaza isn't occupied and has it's own government and military.
The international community is fully aligned that the what the Israeli government endorsed occupation and settlement of the West Bank is completely illegal.  They have completely encroached on the Palestinian sovereignty
Oh yeah, the west bank is Palestinian, then why are isrealies who can vote live there? Why are they still like in Hebron and other cities? Why is there and isreali army? Why are there settlers? 
Oh yes, one answer, apartheid.
First of all, Hebron was Jewish majority for the majority of history.
Second the west bank is UNDER OCCUPATION, Israel took it from Jordan who refused to take it back, as per the Oslo accords area C is Israeli control and as long as Israel doesn’t end the occupation it is allowed to live there and control it as it sees fit.
Please please please learn history, learn the language to describe the situation.
Reread your comment, you literally asked for the numbers, there they are. Do you not like them?
Do you think the conflict started in 2008?
/u/Trick_Wishbone9624. 'Nazi' Casual comments and analogies are inflammatory and therefor not allowed.  
We allow for exemptions for comments with meaningful information that must be based on historical facts accepted by mainstream historians. See [Rule 6](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_6._nazi_comparisons) for details.  
This bot flags comments using simple word detection, and cannot distinguish between acceptable and unacceptable usage. Please take a moment to review your comment to confirm that it is in compliance.
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Its not funny akhi
Read you scriptures, and then tell that to me again with a straight face.
I choose to not murder children dude. Come on you can't be this bloodthirsty. Let me ask you a hypothetical tho.
A fascit invasion force invades your homeland and murders and evicts you and your people, move you all into a concentration camp, they intentionally starve you of resources and destroy any halfway peaceful political movement, and they actively commit a genocide against your people while the world watches and supports them. Would you think about fighting back against the fascist ethnostate that took over your country and genocides your people?
With all respect, you just dodged the question.
There’s two options. Do nothing, let them kill your children. Do something, but some of their children die. If your answer is do nothing and let them kill your children, that’s fine - but own that answer.
Israelis NEVER invaded that land. It was given to them by England, who legally owned that land. Israel then willingly gave up half of it to the Palestinians, and the Palestinians immediately started a war to take the rest of it. One side was willing to compromise. The other was not. But it was never ever a racist regime that invaded and took that land from anybody.
There was no invasion. Learn some history and read about British occupation of the land. You sound like everything you learned was from social media. 
There was never a Palestinian state because Arab leadership rejected the 2 state proposal.
The scenario you described is fiction, not history. Get a grip
 shitty
/u/DopeAFjknotreally. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
You didn't read the article. How is a boy standing on the street a human shield?
“Throwing Molotov cocktails” isn’t being a human shield, it’s being an active combatant
So in this article https://www.hrw.org/news/2023/08/28/west-bank-spike-israeli-killings-palestinian-children they talk about boys being shot while standing on the street or throwing rocks. How did those boys get killed by accident? The idf soldiers just accidentally aim and fire their guns?
Throwing rocks? The article says Molotov cocktails
Stop bootlicking terrorists
Ok so go through this article and copy and paste any line that's talking about human shields
https://www.hrw.org/news/2023/08/28/west-bank-spike-israeli-killings-palestinian-children
  There is a reason why not everyone sees this is a simple case of a victim and a colonizer.
It's because people hate brown Muslims and feel bad about the holocaust. So they don't care that Israel is a fascist ethnostate that is built on genocide and is actively committing this genocide against an ethno-religious group they have deemed to be inhuman and non-citizens in their own country and have been forced into brutal concentration camps. Really giving me some 1930s vibes
Please be more spesific. Then, your narrative was debunked in year 1700. We are now in 2023. Doesn't hold weight. The Israelis still stole the land, and they are still actively trying to eradicate Palestinians. FACTSSSS!!!!
1 - they didn’t steal the land. It was given to them by England, who owned the land. That’s not how stealing works
2 - they’re not trying to eradicate the Palestinians. That’s an absurd claim. If they wanted to eradicate Palestinians, they’d already be gone.
So you like it when Israel kill Palestinian children. Just read the link I sent you, none of those children were used as human shields
Do they parade their bodies through the street after and spit on them?  
Come on man. Israel is dogshit most of the time but these actions are next level
No, but that's the war hamas started
So you like it when Hamas use Palestinian children as shields?
Nope, USA were know plane was coming.
Sources?
it's literally not "just hate" 
there's a whole ass fucking territorial conflict remaining
in America it's "just hate" because the institutions of slavery and segregation were torn down
in Israel there's an entire ass apartheid power structure with real ass implications
It’s a shame the smart zionists weren’t listened to, and you just became pawns of the west
And where exactly would that homeland be?
Enlighten me.
Nothing I said is untrue - but the truth may hurt
Luckily palestine will be gone in a few months, so no problem
There is occupation when 10000s on people are expelled from their homes. You don’t need a nation state to have a family history
And the jews living there have as much of a right as palestinians since you don't need a nation state to have a family history.
They don’t - all countries in the UN aside from the US recognise the illegality of Israeli behaviour. 
The death tolls speak for themselves.. you can’t hide from that
Well the mass killing videos speak for themselves which is why every govnerment supports Israels actions.
Oh yeah the world media tends to support Israel — but that’s very different to the people, and it’s different to inter-governmental bodies like the UN
That is an atrocity and Hamas are atrocious. But they didn’t appear in a vacuum. Their context and environment was entirely a creation of Israel
Blaming Israel for Hamas’s creation is like blaming Islamic fanaticism for Israel’s creation and the occupations that followed. None of these things happened in a vacuum.
Go back further, it belonged to the direct ancestors of Palestinians today, the descendants of the jews that you mentioned are but a fraction of Israelis today, the majority are Europeans that can't even handle the middle eastern sun, and i Don't think the brits had any right to designate a people's land to another people, i mean it's not hard to tell that the UN are very biased in this conflict, morally,what Israel has been since the start is wrong and it doesn't matter if you are a Muslim or Jew or christian or anything else, if you are a rational an unbiased human being, it's easy to see that hamas wouldn't exist if the Zionists didn't flock towards that land
I agree that it was morally questionable to draw a state the way they did, but after the holocaust i don't think it's unfair to give the Jewish people their own land and govt so they can defend themselves. There wasn't even a Palestinian state before 1948. The Palestinians could have been a peaceful part of that state but decided against peace multiple times. 
We can't just return all countries to people that can prove a connection to the land. If we did that, we would have to reassign half the world's countries
Yes it’s so seperate. Completely different countries involved and everything. Not even the same war
Its very seperate. The iDF of 70 years ago is not the iDF we have today.
Lol. Justice.
Occupation and theft of land. Holocaust victims will turning in their graves
Palestine was never a country. It was british land, and the ottomans before that with a ton of jews there too.
Try again!
Ummm maybe read some history books?
 ass
/u/freshone1969. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
zionists are doing both so what's your point exactly
His point is that because Palestinians chant “death to Israel” and kill way less Israeli civilians than the Israeli military kills Palestinian civilians, this completely justifies apartheid.
Yes, they want to kill Israelis. Because Israelis are killing them to steal their land. I can’t honestly say I’d feel differently in their position. Can you?
Name 1 point in time it was “their land” and name 1 time israel started a war of aggression for more territory 
The entire reason israel is the size it is today is because Arabs tried to wipe it off the face of the planet, and after successfully defending itself from an invasion from multiple Arab countries, Israel occupied their invader’s lands and grew. 
If you want to attack Israel for “stealing land”, attack the people who forced Israel to defend itself, leading to it gaining land
 fuck
/u/Ordinary-Bowler3887. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
 ass
/u/Minijesuschrist. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
No it's their land. Fuck Israel.
 Fuck
/u/Proud_Feedback3288. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
It was the land of the Jews before it was Palestine.
 shit
/u/Kill_Skill. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
I am agianst Western Liberals, not bc of anything they do, but do to the fact that they imposse there ideas on others. They are culture seek and distroyers. Distroying any of the insanly unique and different yet equally buetiful cultures of this world. Instead they turning all cultures into endless colorless lifeless gray mush of nothingness and repulsivness. So who give a F!ck about the Western liberial opinions.   
And who are you to call an entire race a big, you culture killer, simpley calling me a pig over race.
Great, so I hope you don't appeal for Western help ever again.
I didn't call you a pig over race, I didn't mention race once. I said the people who stripped this poor woman naked and paraded her through the streets and the people who cheered and spat on her were pigs. You're the one who mentioned race.
Do you not believe this is the behaviour of pigs?
 ass
/u/Sandgabale. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
ok didnt i say what i really meant there, if not i will go correct it now.
not trying to, but he is to? so its mutual, I am trying to enlightn and teach him. He constantly throughs insults bc thats his programing. He is a slave of society and im trying to free him.
Okay, but that came off as very condescending and not the correct way to go about. You've just upset him  i read that I don't blame him for getting mad.It was insulating. But ill admit his say "**** bozo"also wasn't justified.
Here we go with the racism again.
You have goten so low you are making fun of my english :/
This is what happens when dumb people run out of things to say
Also give me a qoute from the Quran that talks about war. Read the whole thing, and if you still belive muslims are terrorists, then you cant read...
When was the last time they had an election? Well over half of Gazas population now couldn't even vote back then, so thats a very misleading statement, not true
They support them, they don't do anything to remove them. That's a choice. That's who they want to represent them.
yeah I just tried looking for it and couldn't find anything. I know israeli soldiers do fucked up things but I'd be surprised to see such a thing done by anyone.
 fucked
/u/Expln. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
I did google it. and couldn't find anything about an israeli soldier slamming a palestinian infant. until you can actually provide a source to your claim, I'd suggest you stay quiet. because right now it sounds like you're spouting bs.
I am not sure if you are being sarcastic?
 fucking
/u/Groove_Mountains. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Right, so because they were there 2000 years ago they can come on boats from Europe and what not and take the lands ?? Why not extend right to return to the Palestinians living in camps ? But of course brown people animals and white people are heroic saviours.
The *current* jews have been there exactly as long for the *current* palestinians. Both were "brought over on boats" to settle that land after it was reclaimed from the ottoman empire. 
If you want to take moral stance of "who was there first" it's 2000 years of somebody stole it from somebody who stole it form somebody it eventually goes back to jews. 
If you want to take the stance of "who was legally given the land most recently" jews and palestinians have more or less equal claim, with one side consistently being more barbaric due to their religion.
If you want to take the stance of "who were the last people who owned it that weren't *brought over on boats"* (absurd test for rigtheousness by the way) it belongs to the ottoman empire which is basically just Turkey, which supports isreal.
And generally speaking lebanese people and israeli people have the same skintones, some lebanese people are as white as irish are. You can't blame whitey for this one, sorry I know that's probably your go to for most things.
sorry babes wont do it again x
You may be right.
But in addition, in Europe there are definitivly actually quite many, I have no idea about USA.
Either way, this is kind of insane for me
So Israel is justified in stealing homes?
Just because they don’t commit the same crimes doesn’t mean they aren’t committing crimes.
Whataboutism and false equivalency aren’t good legs to stand on.
According to all of these comments you believe Israel to be above reproach and having done no wrong. Very cool very honest
But not every crime is similar. Now let’s say it’s true that the IDF actually are stealing homes. Which one do you think is a worse crime, stealing your home and letting you go or stealing your home, murdering you, raping your wife and daughters and taking your wife and your children as slaves? If you say they’re equal crime, we will know you’re a good Muslim lol. 
Btw even a kindergartener will know that it’s you who’s doing whataboutism😂😂
Your first reply to my comment was “but what about IDF who do the same…”
This just shows how easily swayed you are, lacking conviction. Will you sway back to support Palestine once Israel has leveled the strip? Or will you be cheering because innocent families deserved death because "war is declared and it is war"?
Well, let's cut the head off the Israeli state, shall we? No? It's the same principle whether you want to admit it or not.  That said, they aren't going to just cut the head off the snake, so your logic is severely flawed in excusing what Israel is likely to do. A more proper analogy is that Israel will be burning down  the entire forest in which a snake species is inhabiting because two of the snakes committed atrocities. But, ok
Don't give a fuck, stay mad. Hamas resorted to terrorism against an enemy they have no chance against. They brought more needless pain to their own people. Now we see how it plays out.
You really need to learn to just shut your mouth if all that's going to fall out are lies and blatant misunderstandings of words you use
So what you are saying is that the innocent Palestinians, across the country, who just wish to live their lives (not Hamas) are broadcasting and happy with this torture? Proof please
https://reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/s/A4SSUwyJ4B
You really think they imported people to carry out these attacks? You bend over backwards to make Palestinians out to be some helpless innocent bystanders.
Thank you for that response. It is always nice and a little touching with civilized responses in relatively heated discussions. A good day to you!
 shit
/u/ConfusedVagrant. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
 Fuck
/u/DarkChoomba. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Classifying them as civilians becomes challenging in light of the hardships they have imposed upon Palestinians, isn’t it?
As I said, they (including civilians) have treated the Palestinians like absolute garbage for the last 75+ years in their own country, and now Israel is acting like the victim.
🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣 stay mad bro. 
I follow Gods divine plan. Not mans. Not politicians. 
You can be all day long and talk shit. Dont faze me. God bless you my child. Let me know if u ever need to talk. You sound like u could use a real friend. 
God wants you to be happy. Not angry like you are. 
Much love
 shit
/u/MackMuurder. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
 fucking
/u/King-Yakub. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
You're a bit silly if you think we wont win. God knows whats right.
God does know what's right. And every single evil Zionist wil pay for their crimes on Judgement Day. Maybe Israel will 'win' but it really doesn't matter what Israel does. They will continue to be a hated nation, they will never erase the Palestinian spirit and the rising support for Palestine will continue growing and spreading throughout the world.
Ye! Show them! /s
What do you think would have happened to the driver if he got out of the bulldozer?
 fuuuuuck
/u/OneStickyBooger. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Is this supposed to be a point in their favor when they followed that with even more murder than before, and force-feed their subjects with the same old vision of destroying Israel?
The PA does not force-feed its citizens to murder or invade israel. You can just look at who has launched attacks on each other since 2008 none of them were the PA but only the IDF and Hamas are responsible for every conflict or war that happened during this period of time. Now the PA is not the best agency to represent the palestinians, they are kleptocrats corrupt officials who have ditched the peace process for yachts and palaces at least they didn't ditch the peace process for missiles and bombs
I hope that you are right and it isn't a sign of support
The only hope is that the IDF invades Gaza and destroys Hamas it is best for the palestinians. The only agencies that can actually foster peace are the PA and the IL gov however with the amount of polarization in both societies today it's getting more and more difficult to be on the peace bandwagon. But remain steadfast and have hope there are good people on both sides and the people who support Hamas are just a lost cause
I agree with you. It's just Hamas and Palestinian extremism is a big reason why there is no healthy Palestine, of course the occupation also a big one. There have been terrorist attacks since the 1920s. As you say, it's a cycle and the important thing is to break it. Sadly, now it's not the time for peace, since no leader has been serious about talking and Hamas just decided to cancel any opportunity they had with Saudi Arabia normalizing relations.
Exactly! I think that’s the big takeaway from what happens yesterday, the Saudi Israel peace deal is now dead in the water and ruined a possible peace for Israelis and Palestinians unfortunately.
While right-wing extremist forces in Europe are simultaneously growing stronger over the years, and these celebrations add fuel to the fire.
Sometimes I really don't want to live in this world anymore.
This is certainly a difficult time, but i hope things will get better.
I was wrong, those pro-palestinian rallies are happening today.
[https://twitter.com/m\_ahmad\_ad1/status/1711015351792844958](https://twitter.com/m_ahmad_ad1/status/1711015351792844958)
It's not like it's the whole of London celebrating, it's only Palestinians celebrating.
Good luck, Londoners.
Not a bad strategy considering the look the “resistance” is putting out there today
Which sites do you generally read from? What has Israel done recently that is bad?
Currently watching a Youtube doco on a channel called War Stories, 2014 Israeli attack on Gaza is pretty darned shocking.
It's Brits speaking, I won't take it as gospel but the info will swirl around in my head as I learn.
It's pro Israel, but there isn't lies and propaganda
Oh my sweet summer child, you can't be that ignorant can you?
What Israeli propaganda is there?
Everything Israel says basically, most mainstream media in the Western world that sides with Israel, any pro-Israel publication. Just to be clear, Hamas is horrible, but they don't represent all of Palestine and Israel has been continuously doing incredibly messed up awful things to Palestinians for decades.
lol you’re an idiot. 
Hamas isn’t all Muslims, as Israel isn’t all Jews. 
You didn’t know that?
Ah but so strange how hamas is killing mostly jews, theres no racism/hate their right? 
Hamas killing innocent jews is the same level of terrible in your eyes as those jewish israelies that deserved to be killed according to you?
Those innocent jewish israeli kids who had their throats slit are apparently just as terrible as hamas terrorists.
Fuck you
True. Every single one of them was arrested with hate crime. 
They represent maybe 1% of us. Want to start a "statistic" arguement? You will lose.
How many Arabs lived in Israel in 1948, and how many now? Where do they live? Who built the refugee camps and where?
Let see how much you really know.
 fucked
/u/NahItsFineBruh. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Make me cunt.
Collateral damage is an accepted consequence of warfare. The law of armed conflict (LOAC) permits soldiers to carry out attacks against military objectives with the knowledge that civilians will be killed, provided the attack is consistent with the requirements of the principle of proportionality.
You have to attack military objectives for it to be considered collateral damage, not music festivals or kidnapping people from their homes.
" Their homes " is where you are mistaken, previous righteous occupants of these houses were probably killed or imprisoned, and the music festival was held near the border.
I'm vegetarian. We don't know each other so why pretend
Lmao. "The chosen ones of allah" is the ultimate supremacy nonsense ever.
There is no god. People made this nonsense up to be superior to others and own them and treat them badly.
The fact that you still say such things in such day and age is extremely telling of your mental capacity.
Religion has no place in this. If you need religion, any religion, to back your points, you had no points to begin with.
Yeah, when I was younger I was against Israel and how it was formed but as I got older and really connecting the dots and seeing that anti semitism is very well alive still I have had a change of heart. 
I dislike a lot of Netanyahu and his politics but people saying that Israel should be wiped just makes me sad. Also, lining in a country surrounded by others that want to do just that makes average citizen think of the world differently
No these people I’m talking about don’t help Hamas, they just want to be bystanders, coz they don’t have the power to fight hamas nor do they condone these atrocities! 
I come from palestinian origins and I live in a country close by.. what I’m sharing isn’t a mere opinion, it’s part of my reality and life.
Yeah, and if you sit out a fight for human rights, you're on the side of oppression, even if that wasn't your goal.  It sounds like you're telling me Palestinians think of themselves like the Trump voters that "aren't racist," they just don't care that Trump and their allies are 😉.
Mind you.. my own parents stand behind Hamas and Hizbulla.. not for the ideologies as much as their loyalty for religion!
I am an atheist.. and I have always condemned this ridiculous conflict and every death of a civilian on either side!
Israel is definitely a fascist apartheid state. Cherry picking examples doesn't mean anything to me.
These are not cherry picking examples. They’re simple facts. And it says alot about you to be so fixated on your limited view when others try to expose more for you to see.
No you clearly did though lmao. Israel by being a fascist apartheid state and keeping Palestinians in a open air bombing prison are the aggressor and always will be. It's Palestinians land. They came first.
You think Muslims came before Jews in the middle east?  Keep going back in time my dude and you will see that without a doubt Jews were there first.
You are clearly acting like this attack just manifested out of nowhere especially as israel becomes more nakedly authoritarian. You can't constantly elect fanatics, create the biggest prison in the world starve and bomb them whenever you like and then act shocked that it creates violence.
Stop justifying the murder of civilians and the kidnapping of grandmas and children and the desecration of corpses. It’s NEVER right whoever does it. 
Constantly elect fanatics like Hamas?
Manifested out for nowhere? Yes a surprise attack on a holiday targeting civilians is the very definition of a surprise attack, especially when negotiations between Israel and Saudi were bearing fruit. 
Yeah you are right the extremists are in power on both sides. 
Oh well. All hell is coming now. Hamas are going to have the bloodbath they wanted. They just won’t be getting any sympathy this time.
Then i guess Israel knows exactly what they were doing when they helped create hamas and started their oppressive apartheid regime.
I wonder if you would be so supportive of Hamas if if was your family member having there corpse dragged through the street and spat on while people cheer.
I hope this happens to you and your family someday you're a retard.
 fucking
/u/Beneficial-Donkey387. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
You realize an Israeli could say the same thing about a Palestinian child? There is no justification for the murder of a child.
So why does Israel kill so many? Care for the numbers from Israel vs Palestine?
So i guess you're justifed in your opinion.
Religion has given me 2000 years of justification to call for its end.
That’s not where I get my news.
Warning does nothing when they make it difficult to leave certain areas and only give a few minutes of notice. For instance, if Israel were to carpet bomb like you suggest there wouldn’t be enough time for civilians to leave unless you also have members of Hamas enough time to leave
I notice you totally ignored all the horrible things Israel has done and been filmed doing. I’m not surprised since you’re someone embracing military tactics that amount to genocide
Israel rejects peace every time to steal a home. They’re stoking the flames of terrorism every time they decide a Palestinian home is theirs. If they wanted peace they should stop being the oppressor. 
There is ample footage lmao just type in IDF eviction in YouTube. 
The amnesty international article also cites a ton of instances with proof 
https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2022/1/31/israel-forces-palestinian-families-to-self-demolish-their-homes-in-jerusalem
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=t9q9PDBsDe8
HE LITERALLY SAYS IF I DONT STEAL IT SOMEONE ELSE WILL WITH IDF FORCES SUPPORTING HIM IN THIS VIDEO
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=5D5-0bKtwuY
Here’s yet another
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=5D5-0bKtwuY
Here’s another
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=JOf_woeTH1s
Here’s more
https://www.reuters.com/article/us-israel-palestinians-settlements/israeli-forces-evict-settlers-in-west-bank-land-dispute-case-idUSKBN1J81QO
Here’s proof of a thousand flanked by IDF tanks and soldiers 
https://www.amnesty.org/en/latest/news/2022/07/israel-opt-immediately-halt-forced-eviction-of-more-than-1000-west-bank-residents-and-stop-demolitions-of-bedouin-homes-in-the-negev-naqab/
Wow crazy how reality doesn’t suit your narrative right
Let me guess Reuters and amnesty international are racist antisemites
genocide is genocide your absolutely right. your thoughts about the halocaust?
The myth of Israeli supremacy has been around for a long time. Israel relies heavily on Western subsidy and still loses in military confrontations on its borders (Lebanon, Egypt, Jordan and Syria are more than capable now of holding their own). And it has lost repeatedly when it has ventured beyond its borders (refer to Georgia-Russia war).
Israel's initial advantages in its first thirty years, have been erased by decades of development of military capacity by the indigenous people.
Palestinians endure under more pressure than most. Maybe that's what's surprising. How do Palestinians fire hundreds of rockets from Gaza, when Israel runs a tight blockade and Gazans are put on a calorie restricted diet (Israeli state policy).
They're the same thing moron. I don't really care if theyve expanded im glad they have its their god given right.
 shit
/u/WheresMyFlyingBoat. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Haha y'all follow a formula sheet or something!? You sound like the rest of em.
Yeah I totally made the whole thing up cause I just wanted to argue with u/WheresMyFlyingBoat. Totally obsessed with you cuh.
Genocide is genocide, regardless of a countries PR. Actions have consequences, just or unjust
And the Brits of course ,
(a bit of tounge and cheek) I blame the Romans more than the Brits.
not back then. if you go in rigth now and take control of gaza that would be aparthid.
So let them do it themselves. Get rid of Hamas and collaborate with Israeli Arabs and West Bank Arabs with the ultimate goal of joining Israeli society and changing the country from the inside, peacefully. That might take time but the situation in Gaza will quickly get better.
Or if jihad and antisemitism is taught to children
from people who have nothing and are living in an open air prison.
Google literally publicly announced a joint initiative with the Israeli government. Called Project Nimbus. Literally not hard to find this information, but remaining willfully ignorant of the truth seems to be no problem for rightoids.
I already distrust google, dude. You’re preaching to the choir.
So you're asserting that the way to solve the isreali Palestinian conflict is to have all the Palestinians immigrat to america?...
Or France, or Canada, or Egypt or Jordan or just stop gunning down civilians and calling it “resistance”. A lot of people HAVE left so what we’re left with is people that can’t see past this conflict. It’s like you’re at the table gambling, hour one you have 1000 chips and hour 10 you have 200 and you think you can win it all back.
Wait, how can a democracy be also an occupation?right .... That only happens in isreali logic. Then they get astonished when people fight back.
There is nothing that bars occupation and democracy to come it’s, we seized land in a defensive war and the owners refused to take it back which led to this whole situation.
Let me ask you this, for 20 years Jordan owned the West Bank and Egypt owned Gaza, why was there no Palestinian state? Why did no one even ask for one?
Plus 
All of America was indigenous most of history, give them the land back? 
Oh we can't do that? Only Jewish people can do that
I’m speaking about RECENT history, not years ago, Palestinians moved there very recently after Jews were cleansed from the West Bank in 1948.
Not everyone is motivated by scriptures, this is a 50 year old War.
Every single jihadists is motivated by scripture and promises of their 72 raisins. And hamas are jihadists, full stop
Your question is very stupid and not the situation irl. It's a movie script
Oh wow, Israel "gave up" half the land that wasn't there to begin with. I'm sure that really helped the Palestinians being evicted from their homes and murdered in the streets. That makes the concentration camps and ongoing genocide a good thing
The question is not stupid dude. That is literally happening! Like every single time
Israel has bombed Gaza, that is the exact scenario. You can bury your head in the sand all you want.
It literally was Israel’s land. It was given to them by the previous owners. How does that not make it Israel’s land?
You act like Israel invaded, overthrew a government, and then kicked everybody out. That’s mot what happened. They were given the land. They didn’t just evict people from their homes for no reason. They didn’t do that to any other ethnic group there, many who still live there peacefully, including many Muslim groups like the Druze.
They kicked out the violent people who were trying to kill innocent people.
Everything Isreal is doing is reactive. Not proactive.
So those Europeans were actually born and raised in the ottoman empire?
Ah, you mean the Jews that were around in the area since before Islam was even a religion?
Its literally the history of Israel. Obviously you don't know anything and just gobble up zionist propaganda
And standing on the street? Whats that one called? What about being a journalist? Or a medic? Or a pregnant woman that the idf murders?
Alleged cocktails. Remember the idf targeted red cross medics and pregnant women and called them terrorists.
But ok tell me why standing on the street is justification for murder then if throwing rocks and allegedly throwing molotovs is
Ah, I see the age of your account. Goodbye, jihadist troll
1. The absurdity in this claim is just mind-boggling. U dumB
2. Yes that is true. Because of international outrage they are doing it slow and easy. But still genocide.
The idf celebrates killing pregnant women. Even made t-shirts joking about it
The IDF makes t-shirts?  Like the actually military infrastructure manufacturers and distributes these t-shirts?
So hamas invaded Palestine and kicked all the Palestinians out? Or was that Israel?
No but I think it's worse to shoot children no matter what. Also did you even read the article? None of the children mentioned were used as human shields. Israel just shoots children for fun
Where are you from?
Why does it matter? Im not Muslim nor Jewish. Im just a random guy. What are your sources?
This is a fantasy world. Though a fantasy that in my opinion is slowly killing the longterm possibility of a functioning Israel. There are 5 million people in Gaza and the West Bank. Where do you propose they all go? And how do you get them there.
To hell, there is no place on earth for those who advocate the scum of the earth
But if that history is 2000 years out of date it’s expired —- the world would be crazy if we allowed 2000-year old land claims to pass
What does Islamic fanaticism have to do with Israel’s creation by the U.K. ?
It wasn’t created by the UK, it was created by the UN after the UK pulled out and left the Palestinians and Jews to fight over it.
Islamic fanaticism comes into play because there would have been no need for a UN partition in the first place if the Palestinians had accepted the return of the Jewish diaspora from exile, to lands not being irrigated and cultivated at the time. They didn’t mind mass Arab immigration during the 19th century from places like Egypt, but they did have a problem with the exiled children of Judea doing the same thing.
I agree with the last statement, but it would have made a lot more sense to give jews German lands since they're the ones responsible for the Holocaust,and even though there wasn't a "Palestine" before 1948 there were arabs, Muslims,jews,and Christians that called themselves Palestinians and they lived there, so it's kind of unfair to expect them to agree to be governed by people other than their own,if you look at how the Palestinians reacted to the jews mass migrating to the land, you would see that they were mostly welcomed until they started starting trouble with the Palestinians and the brits,
True about the German lands, but Jews didn't have a say in the matter. They were told to go somewhere, and so they went. Remember, many of these people had been living in concentration camps a few years ago. They were just happy to have a home. 
You're right, it wasn't fair on the locals who had been evicted from their lands. But that doesn't excuse killing innocents. Waging war is understandable, but targeting civilians to incite terror has no justification. I'll always say that fighting for your life is more justified than fighting for your home. Homes can be replaced.
As far as I'm aware there isn't a single video or infact any evidence of rape. Still waiting to be proven wrong.
You're entitled to your opinion my friend, and everyone else is entitled to theirs, and we support Israel to defend themselves against these inhuman scum.
I didn't get it at first either. There's a video of an adult girl being led out of a vehicle with bare feets & bleeding from the private/behind region.
That's probably what people are referring too.
 Fuck
/u/dancingpopzombie. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
My biggest concern is the idf of tomorrow
So you prove a point by talking about something that happened 70 years ago, saying it is the exact same today. And then saying you talk about the future???
Settlements are stealing land. If you can’t acknowledge that then you are the problem.
Already discussed that, goldfish. 
Nice to know that you view illegal occupation as worse than ethnic cleansing of an entire people
“This 1 Jew stole my land, so all Jews must die” is the logic you’re supporting
A pig is not an ill-fitting name for the people who did these despicable attacks. 
As for the ones who are cheering for them, this seems to be human nature under extreme circumstances, and this specific tendency doesn’t seem to be much different between Israel and Palestine.
In fact in a comment over here you admitted that you hoped that Israel would be free to turn “Gaza into a lifeless graveyard”.
 So what you are hoping for is that lots of innocent Palestinian children, along with their somewhat less innocent families, will soon be buried alive and die painful deaths to a much higher degree than what is deemed necessary military.
This is you and this is who you are. But I don’t think you have much reason to moralize over the people in Gaza who cheered for the barbaric kidnappings.
You're re-writing what I wrote to suit a narrative you're trying to purvey.
I never said I hoped, I said it will be free to. Innocent Palestinians don't deserve to be put in a graveyard. The pigs spitting on that girl's body do. Any Palestinian who condemns this and doesn't support it should not. Egypt should open up the borders and give Palestinian civilians refuge, but of course, they won't because no one cares. Israel will do what it has to do to protect its citizens and that is turning Gaza into a graveyard, unfortunately. Of course, the Palestinian's Arab "brothers", could provide the innocent amongst them refuge, but they won't and Israel will do what any country would do in this situation.
I feel for what innocent Palestinians are going to face in the days, weeks and months to come.
ok i agree
So you dont even excuse the 1 mil under 18? They should stop Hamas and are to blame themselves for the situation they're in? That's  sick
If they are old enough to kill Israeli civilians for Hamas then they are old enough to kill Hamas.
No, all good, so at least now we know that it's actually not so different between our experiences :)
Is this you excusing Israel’s crimes because of the crimes Hamas commits? Are all Muslims rapists to you? Your prejudice is showing thanks for saying that out loud
Idk about what all Muslims are but the founder of their religion asked them to rape non Muslim women of invaded tribes. All believing muslims do believe that Muhammad was always right and so they do support rape indirectly. It’s not my prejudice it’s just your thick mind that can’t comprehend this fact. 
Answer me this: Are you a Muslim? If yes, what do you think of prophet Muhammad asking his companions to rape captured women. Don’t lie because that would be a sin if you actually are a Muslim.
 fuck
/u/Amenablewolf. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Stay mad? Ooookay. Sir, this is Reddit. And clearly you give some fuck given your back replying lol. Hamas did, not Palestinian innocents. The United States has committed insane atrocities; it doesnt mean it excuses 9/11
 fuck
/u/EndSeveral5452. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Sorry for being an ass
 ass
/u/yopolotomofogoco. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
 Cunt
/u/King-Yakub. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Agreed with every single word, let's hope that hamas can be removed from the source without too many casualties and somehow peace will happen (though it seems less and less likely)
I hope so too, for all of us.
And it's not much, unfortunately, but you have my unconditional solidarity.
Thanks for sharing.
We even had one here yesterday evening.  The police are investigating several cases of "rewarding and condoning crime", which fortunately is itself a criminal offence here. But let's face it, that's just a drop in the ocean and unfortunately won't change anything.
What's the documentary?
am I allowed to link here ?
[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9cU8B7FXX6g](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9cU8B7FXX6g)
Smhing my head
So let me get this straight: You think that pro-Israel media doesn't report lies or propaganda, but that only pro-Palestine media reports lies and propaganda? Come on, now. You sound brainwashed
I’m not defending Muslims. I’m not defending Jews. 
I think the attack is terrible, but both groups have one extremely shitty, backward thing in common. Religion. 
Jews and Muslims, along with Christians and any other religion that tries to impose their beliefs on others are the problem. One of the biggest problems our planet has at the moment. 
YOUR PEOPLE *AND* MUSLIMS ARE BOTH FUCKING NUTS is my point. You’re made each other - I hope your inability to coexist doesn’t impact the rest of us.
 shitty
/u/BbTS3Oq. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Funny how its always people of a specific religion slitting the throats and beheading people of the jewish religion. 
But again yeah, according to you both are equally terrible.  Hamas terrorists and innocent jewish israeli kids are the exact same level of terrible.
Wanker
 cunt
/u/NahItsFineBruh. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Doesn’t make these places military targets and they remain civilians. It’s terrorism plain and simple.
Edit: reconquest doesn’t make targeting civilians legal, it’s still terrorism.
reconquest
/ˌriːˈkɒŋkwɛst/
noun 
the action of conquering a place or people again.
"the military reconquest of the northern regions"
Typical loser reply. I present facts, and you lie and call me names 
I don't and never have supported mass murder or rape. You're lying because you have no points. All you have are lies. Religion nonsense and lies.
Read all my previous comments, there is zero tolerance from me towards murder or rape.
You're the only one who mentioned them.
You're not a smart or a good person. Bye!
You support Palestine who are mass murdering rapists.
Justice will be done to them. I highly encourage you to not support racism and murder.
I agree, bye!
See I’m trying to convey a realistic picture while you’re fixating on the picture you already have painted. Hamas isn’t a few men, it’s more than half the population in Gaza, they are the only people armed, and backed by Hizbulla and Iran. How will a unarmed civilians fight them?
It’s not always the smartest thing to fight for what you believe if you know 100% you’re dead before you get there.
So your realistic picture is that more than half the population of Gaza are armed terrorists willing to kill women and children, and these armed terrorists control the entire government and all the power, and your solution isn't kicking their asses?
There isn't more to see. Free Palestine.
The country was PALESTINE before the fascist Europeans gave their land away. Fascists create fascists.
The Palestine country you're thinking of was created by Britian in 1920, I urge you to look back at the real history of the region, and not cherry pick facts to try and support your preexisting ideas.  Right now you're arguing that the British defined Palestine from 1920 had full right to exist and never change, even though the same Britain that created it was in support of creating Israel later as well.  You're basically deciding that 1920s colonialism decisions are the only valid historical decisions made, and we should ignore every fact and decision before and after.  It's bonkers.
Who is? But that's the thing if that were the case why does none of the western world ever condemned Israels apartheid regime and their killing/beating of those grandmas and children you are so against?
Also there hasn't been elections in gaza for like what 17 years. But Israel has constantly elected right wingers fascists who constantly deny the humanity of palestinians.
Don't be daft you know what i meant. 
When has hamas ever gotten sympathy? Unless you mean palestinians don't deserve any.
Who supports hamas? You are acting like they aren't a symptom of israel's 70+ years of oppression (which again they created hamas). But your question is ridiculous. I'd love to see how clean you come out after having your home turned into a prison, constantly starved and denied clean water while they attack and bomb you with impunity while the government celebrates your destruction.
Again dodging the question. Your just an apologist and it’s frankly disgusting.
You're justifying a wrong with another wrong; that's bad logic and a poor way to defend your stance. Child murder is never justifiable regardless of the group committing the murder. Israel killing Palestinian children is just as unjustifiable as Palestine killing Israeli children.
I’m not justifying it I’m saying you can’t act surprised with the oppressed get violent by any means necessary. 
Religion is nothing but a cancer on this earth. 2000 years and this dumb shit still goes on because of imaginary friends because people are too weak and scared to accept they aren’t special and there’s nothing when we die but the lights going out.
 shit
/u/SyntheticSweetener. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
If that’s not what they want we can’t force them. If they want to kill and subjugate the Jews of Israel we can’t allow that to happen. Even as an Arab I would prefer Israeli rule to hamas. You think they want to “free“ Palestine to create a democratic state ? Of course not, they want to have and caliphate, to subjugate homosexuals, women, force jizya on Jews and Christians. Can Israel do more to become a better place to live for Palestinians? Yes of course, but it is already much much better for its Arab citizens than what Hamas would do.
Or France, or Canada, or Egypt or Jordan
Why should they be forced to leave their homes?
or just stop gunning down civilians and calling it “resistance
Yes they absolutely should. Just as Isreal should stop oppressing the Palestinian people. 
A lot of people HAVE left so what we’re left with is people that can’t see past this conflict.
Can you blame them?..
Why should they have to? Because they don’t want to live under Israel’s boot. Israel won’t change until they change and they won’t change until Israel changes. The best thing they can do is break the cycle. 
I understand the sentiment of “why should I have to”, the reason is that you can’t control other people.
It was never a defensive war, if it was, you wouldn't be occupying it illegally. Second of all, there is a big huge difference between race nationality religion and political view, Palestinians as a nation are arabs by race, and they had no problem being ruled by another arabs, you know why? It's the same race but different nationality but it was never a problem for them, cuz all the arabs view the conflict from that point of view, defending their fellow arabs. 
But you know what? That shouldn't be a discussion, you're not allowed to occupy and seige and lead an apartheid nation and blame the other people and say that they're the reason, no. Isrealies had never in their history had any morals and that what caused everything. I never seen any oblivious nation as the isrealies, it's like they ask other nations to thank them for occupying killing and slaughtering them, then they blame them for it. 
Black people weren't enslaved because they're black, it's because white people were disgusting. It's the same in here.
We never occupied Palestinian land because they never owned land, they want land? Make peace with us and negotiate, we offered countless times very very fair deals, wanna fight us to the end? Good luck.
Jewish were cleansed from there in 1948? Man the Jewish population before 1948 was 7%, how was it a mostly Jewish people?
You know that if there were 7% Jewish then it's 93% arabs right?
Ahh I love how you have no idea and you keep digging your own grave.
Go read up.
So did every N@zi. Hitler was blessed by the pope.
/u/Barzakh_. 'Nazi' Casual comments and analogies are inflammatory and therefor not allowed.  
We allow for exemptions for comments with meaningful information that must be based on historical facts accepted by mainstream historians. See [Rule 6](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_6._nazi_comparisons) for details.  
This bot flags comments using simple word detection, and cannot distinguish between acceptable and unacceptable usage. Please take a moment to review your comment to confirm that it is in compliance.
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Israel started everything how is it reactive? 
But your hypothetical is "kill children or your all your people die" as if Israel doesn't have a military that could fight combatants when they try to kill people. What you wrote is a bad episode of 24 not a real life situation
Israel was given land that was already occupied by people who didn't give the land away. England does not have a right to give away other people's land. That's just insane. If England gave your home to someone else would you go peacefully into the concentration camps?
How were they in Europe then?
https://www.cbsnews.com/news/israeli-t-shirts-joke-about-killing-arabs/
“The shirts "are not in accordance with IDF values and are simply tasteless," the military said in a statement. "This type of humor is unbecoming and should be condemned." The army said it would not tolerate such behavior and would take disciplinary action against the soldiers involved.”
Again they are parading dead bodies through the street and celebrating it
That’s Hamas not individuals. A coordinated and unrepentant act. Israel sucks ass. Can’t you also condemn this behavior?
It is matter which Country gave you history lesson
You said it. If only you were self-aware to understand what you said
You can give me a history lesson. Start with your sources.
Wanna rewrite that sentence so it means something?
Given what has become of their country, don’t you think their fear was justified ?
If the Palestinians had gotten what they feared, there would be nothing left of Palestine today. Good thing Israel isn’t like Russia or China when it comes to human rights, at least as of today.
Insofar as the Palestinians suffer today as they feared, I would argue that it was largely a self-fulfilling prophecy. Germany had legitimate reasons to fear Soviet expansion and ongoing abuse from the victors of WWI, but that didn’t legitimize them launching WWII and committing genocides in response.
First of all, jews did have a say in the matter, they made an agreement with the brits that they would have that specific land, because they consider it as holy, second of all the reason why hamas kills innocent is because they're too weak to fight the Israeli army, if they had an army and a fighting chance against Israel, i would absolutely condemn their actions, but they don't, all they have are poorly made rockets and non-advanced weapons, in their view, causing the israelis casualties will make them back off and retreat, and it is somewhat effective, and even though i still think the things hamas are doing are horrible, I don't condemn them due to the fact that it's their only hope of taking back at least some of the land,and may all the souls of the innocent civilians on both sides rest in peace,and about your last statement, I don't think any country would give a replacement to the Palestinians,and it pains me to say, but even my country wouldn't do it because all the arabs are barely surviving,and non arab countries have already brainwashed their citizens into believing that all Palestinians are barbarians and terrorists, so they would not be accepted anywhere outside Palestine
I agree with most of what you said, except maybe the first point. And yet, i absolutely condemn Hamas murdering innocent children and parading naked corpses through the street.
I guess that's where we differ, and I don't think either of us will convince the other regarding this, but it was nice to have a civil conversation on the topic, regardless.
 You're entitled to your opinion my friend
I sure am. I just think we should try to stick the truth here and not speculation.
I’m sure you are aware that talking about events that happened in history as cornerstones for arguments about being oppressed today is prevalent in Zionism too no?
I’m sure you are aware that talking about events that happened in history as cornerstones for arguments about being oppressed today
No it isnt. The whole idiology of the IDF has shifted sinse then.
Zionism
Do you even know what is zionism?
No, you didn’t discuss that. You brushed it off out of hand. They don’t just want to kills Israelis because they’re Jewish, and if you can’t see that, you have wholesale bought into propaganda.
I’m sorry for misrepresenting your opinion then. I have seen several instances of people actually wishing for this, but it seems like you are not one of them.
Taking in lots of Palestian refugees is a lot to ask for, and some Arab countries have actually done so as well over the years. 
Yet I share your view on their shared responsibility for this tragedy through the years. The Israelis who have had few options and the Palestinians who have had fewer still, probably are those who are the most responsible for the situation they are in today. But the surrounding Arab countries could also have done a lot of things differently throughout the years, and while there have been great acts of humanitarian support, the dominant picture for me seems to be of various regimes who used the Palestinian “cause” for various self-serving reasons.
The Arab World has never held responsibility for what they started. Israel and Jordan are the only two Middle Eastern nations to give some Palestinians citizenship and equal rights. Every other Arab country places them in ghettos, disallows any path to residency or citizenship (even when they are three generations deep in the land), in Lebanon and Egypt, Palestinians are not even allowed to walk through certain areas. are barred from certain jobs - literal apartheid.
Egypt's blockade on Palestinians is actually worse than Israel's and their responses to any breach of their territory is far more deadly. They literally send water down the tunnels to drown everyone in there. When they come out the tunnels there are Egyptians waiting to shoot them.
The Arab World has killed, expelled and hated Palestinians for decades...they are only useful to them as political pawns.
Why can't the rich Gulf states help the Palestinians? Kuwait expelled 400,000 of them. Moldova a tiny, poor nation took in hundreds of thousands of Ukrainians, don't tell me Egypt doesn't have the capability to give refuge to Gazans. They don't want to.
Wow, don't even know what to say to that
/u/Perfect_Yogurt1. 'nazis' Casual comments and analogies are inflammatory and therefor not allowed.  
We allow for exemptions for comments with meaningful information that must be based on historical facts accepted by mainstream historians. See [Rule 6](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_6._nazi_comparisons) for details.  
This bot flags comments using simple word detection, and cannot distinguish between acceptable and unacceptable usage. Please take a moment to review your comment to confirm that it is in compliance.
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
My comment is based on historical facts
This has been removed for breaking the sub rule of "No Nazi comparisons or discussions".
YouTuber banned my country from watching the video
Which lies are told by pro Israeli media?
No, answer my question. Do you think that pro-Israel media is completely truthful? You are the one who said that they don't lie so you gotta back up that claim
lol. A profanity filter on this dumpster fire of a sub is hilarious.
I can think both are backwards without applying a %. 
Keep making your false equivalences, it’s fun seeing you continue to repeat yourself after I’ve already disagreed with your characterization of my perspective. 
It’s mine after all, so I’d bet I know it better than you. 
Drop religion and come join us in the 21st century, it’s refreshing!
Blah blah blah bye
 asses
/u/BruisedPumpkin. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
You're a soft bot.
How did I say you don’t deal with them? I said they need to be irradicated 🤷🏻‍♀️ but also, it’s important to realize that Hamas DOES NOT 🟰 Palestine
Okay, Hamas = most Palestinians, but not all.  Is that fair?
I ain't dodging shit. I don't support any violence but here you are pretending like who doesn't hold all the cards. A lot of this violence could have been avoided decades ago but those with all the power refuse to lift the boot even a little bit. And quite frankly your lack of ability to see that is pathetic.
 shit
/u/JojodaLion. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
If you say so. Your first reply was to someone claiming their kid cousin had been kidnapped and you justifying that action. I'm not surprised they retaliated; I'm surprised that this form of retaliation is being defended. 
I agree with your point on religion. Too often it is used to justify the wanton destruction of human life.
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/International_law_and_the_Gaza_War#:~:text=The%20report%2C%20compiled%20by%20UN,of%20buildings%2C%20by%20failing%20to
https://www.hrw.org/report/2021/04/27/threshold-crossed/israeli-authorities-and-crimes-apartheid-and-persecution
https://www.hrw.org/news/2017/06/04/israel-50-years-occupation-abuses
https://apnews.com/article/middle-east-israel-crime-war-crimes-human-rights-watch-4dbb4e7b915346ce6aca778f12a4359b
https://www.amnestyusa.org/reports/new-report-finds-israeli-authorities-are-committing-crime-against-humanity-of-apartheid-against-palestinians-in-israel-and-in-the-occupied-palestinian-territories/
“No video didn’t happen” and you want to talk about honesty lmao. Because they’re smart enough to not film their crimes and broadcast it doesn’t mean it doesn’t happen. 
Or are these human rights watch groups just out to get the Jews as well?
Report me I don’t care I don’t need to support your religious fanaticism.
I forgot only your sources tell the truth and anything not on video didn’t happen and if it did it was their fault. Hmm what other extremist groups have used that exact same sentiment I wonder
Why should they have to? Because they don’t want to live under Israel’s boot.
Or, you know, Isreal could stop oppressing the Palestinian people. 
The best thing they can do is break the cycle.
Break the cycle by not enforcing an apartheid state.
But then militants will gun down civilians like they’ve been doing since ‘48. This sounds a lot like “defund the police” because people will do the right thing absent of enforcement trust me bro.
They never owned land? Dude zionist lived for thousands of years in diaspora, who do you think lived there? 
Palestinians owned land, it was their land untill zionism was formed and changed the reality and proceeded to lead an apartheid state by the international law and occupys west bank and held a seige against Gaza.
But how can a whole nation that's morally corrupt live with this? Yes deny it 
That's the first step of becoming and occupier and aggressor, deny it so you'd be able to live with it.
Living somewhere is not owning the land, the Ottomans owned the land and mostly the area was extremely barren throughout history, most Palestinians came here from Egypt and Syria over the 1800s for economic opportunities created mostly by the early Zionists
No Give me a resource saying that the majority of the west bank were Jewish before 1948. 
I'd really use the information and that can help me changing my view of the world, I tried looking but I failed.
So help me
I said Hebron not the entir west bank
 ass
/u/HereForAllThePopcorn. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Hilarious. 
Like that’s what’s offensive right now.
https://www.hrw.org/news/2023/08/28/west-bank-spike-israeli-killings-palestinian-children
How about the murder of children then? Or maybe killing medics and journalists? Or creating concentration camps for Palestinians in an attempt to kill them all? Let's not pretend like Israel is innocent here
My response to your moral relativism is simple
Does this make it ok?
If you still believe powerfull Israel security intelligence team didn't know 3000+ missiles were coming from small area, i can't teach you anything
Are you saying they intentionally let in rockets? How do we know this, and it's not just the iron dome not being able to cope? Do you have data on how accurate the iron dome is? I'd love for you to teach me. I love learning new things. I am NOT saying you're wrong. I just have questions.
Cmon is there really anything left of Palestine today? Barely… forced to live in ghettos with their every action controlled and monitored. You seem reasonable, so how can you condone that
But yes I agree there has not been all out genocide or concentration camps —- although I would argue if Israel had the geographical expanse of China or Russia they’d be doing it
Yes, but if you're going to condemn hamas you should also condemn Israel,they already killed almost triple the amount of people that hamas killed without including the number of Palestinians killed before this week, including children 
Anyways,i appreciate you for being civil and not disagreeing with everything i say just because i have a different view point,have a good day
I condemn many of Israel's actions, especially the killing of civilians, but never it's right to exist.
I hope for everyone's sake that this war ends soon. Have a good day
 You are free to think otherwise
I sure am. You can't prove your rape claim and you know it.
Palestinians with equal rights?
There wouldnt be refugees if you barbaric civilization killers didnt kick them out of there homeland :)
Yes, 25% of Israel's population are Palestinian Arabs. Four of Israel's Supreme Court Judges have been Palestinian Arabs. I suggest you watch this video:  
Fun fact - more Jews died in the 1948 War than Palestinian Arabs.
[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=\_EwEhQtDk-4&t=52s](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_EwEhQtDk-4&t=52s)
Israel isn't responsible for the brutal aggression the Arab World chose in 1947-1948. they started and waged a genocidal war as they called it "war of annihilation" against the Jewish Yishuv after the UN decision to divide the British mandate of Palestine into two states for two people: Jewish and Arab, they started the war against the Jews, lost, and paid the price. 700,000 Arabs fled because their leaders told them the new state of Israel would be defeated quickly and also to avoid the fighting. Yes, many were expelled during the fighting as their villages co-operated with the enemy and refused to sign non-aggression pacts, villages that agreed to live in peace stayed. 
This happened in every war back then. During the Greco-Turkish war (1919-1922) Approximately 1,500,000 Orthodox Christians and ethnic Greeks were uprooted from their homelands. During the partition of India and what followed the India-Pakistan war in 1947 between 10 and 20 million people were displaced. 18 million Germans were expelled by Poland and Czechoslovakia in 1945 after the war.
But make no mistake if the Arab World won they would (as they said themselves) murdered all the Jews in that land: Azzam Pasha, the General Secretary of the Arab League said It will be a war of elimination and it will be a dangerous massacre which history will record similar to the Mongol massacre or the wars of the Crusades.” Jamal Husseini, a member of the Arab leadership said “The blood will flow like rivers in the Middle East.”  Prime Minister of Iraq, Nuri al-Said, made it clear that if a Jewish state was established, “We will smash the country with our guns and obliterate every place the Jews seek shelter in.").
During the war more than 15,000 Jews were expelled from the West Bank, many were murdered and entire Jewish villages were massacred like the Gush Etzion massacre, where women hiding in a basement were lined up and shot point blank in the head. When the Arab Legion conquered East Jerusalem, they killed many Jews in the Jewish quarter who stayed there, destroyed all the synagogues and turned the ancient Jewish Quarter into a garbage heap
After the war was over the Arab states brutally expelled 900,000 Jews and thousands of Jews were murdered between the years 1948-1969.
Truthful? Yes. Biased? Also yes.
If you can't admit pro-Israeli media ever lies then this conversation is going to go nowhere. The fact you can't even say "pro-Israel and pro-Palestine media both lie" just means you're too far brainwashed
Fair.
I’m not anti-Semitic I’m anti colonialism. I do not need to subscribe to any notion that Jews are owed any piece of land because of a book. 
yes I would like that list let’s see how many of these war crimes still did happen. I eagerly await your report.  Because they’ve had to make some retractions doesn’t negate all the retractions they haven’t had to make.
Calling the UN and amnesty international biased is hilarious. 
Not every negative opinion of Israel is anti semetic. I’m anti religion governing any lives. As we can see exactly what it leads to.
It’s also fun that you act surprised that people kicked from their homes become terrorists. What would you have them do?
But then militants will gun down civilians like they’ve been doing since ‘48.
Therefore Isreal is justified in oppressing every muslim person in the country?...
This sounds a lot like “defund the police” because people will do the right thing absent of enforcement trust me bro.
Sounds like you never understood the "defund the police" movement.
You can’t look at the news today and say there isn’t a threat to Israel, so in that context they are justified. I wish it wasn’t that way but it is. Lebanon, Syria, Egypt and Jordan have all accepted reality. 
Please explain to me exactly what defund means. Are you going to say fund things that keep people out of trouble? People will still get themselves in trouble. People will still get drunk and fight and steal and stab each other. There is a reason this slogan that was popular three years ago will never be uttered again by a serious politician. 
It’s a prisoners dilemma, you can’t know what move to make until you know your opponent’s move and he’s in the same predicament.
Oh so if the Jewish people lived there once that doesn't mean they owned the land and they have no right in coming back and kicking out its people who used to live there? 
Or this logic doesn't get applied to Jewish people
We came back because that’s where the British gave us land, you know,, the owners of the land.
This has nothing to do exclusively with history, this is where we had sway on the political landscape.
Yeah still please show me
No but it makes it weird how nobody cares about Israel objectively doing worse things all the time
I disagree that they do worse. They are objectively much more powerful which requires restraint. If they desired they could literally glass the West Bank. If Hamas had a nuke ask yourself honestly what would they do?
But that’s ok. We can disagree on that on call this barbaric at the same time. 
If we are honest and want to look at it thoughtfully the ones who deserve blame and don’t receive it are countries like Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Jordan, Egypt, and Iran. They don’t care for Palestinian lives much more than Israel. They only use them as proxies to push their domestic agenda and greater Arab hegemony. Truly in all of this the Palestinians themselves are the ones who have the least options.
Dude, this is Iranian security intelligence, not african tribe  with communicating through smoke signals. They can cut off their electricity and not know what was coming? You can't prepare 3000+ missiles in one day Come on
My question still stands unanswered. You're speculating.
I hope so,too, and even though it's impossible, i hope they just have a two state solution and just have separate governments that live peacefully
How convenient 😄👍🏻
Yep, justice can be convenient  😄👍🏻
What lies are there? I could list you a hundred lies from the Palestinian media.
I’d like you to quote where I expressed support for the US and it’s atrocities thanks in advance. 
It’s fun how you’re talking about the past to justify todays crimes though. 
I also justified neither side I’ve never once expressed support for hamas in fact I’ve said neither side deserves the region as there will never be peace between the two.
So you’re aware, there are Arab Muslim members of the Knesset. How many governments in the region tolerate that kind of diversity? If 2 state solution were implemented tomorrow what kind of government would Palestine have? A vibrant, diverse, tolerant one?
The British owned the land? So if they gave you India that means the the British people owned India? Why cuz they occupied it? 
This means if Russia wind the war then  Russia now owns Ukraine ?
The previous owners were also an empire and yea this is how conquest works, the only reason Arabs exist here is their own colonialism of the Middle East or are you not aware of how Arabs came to the area?
When did conquest stop being a thing? Specifically when Arabs claim they wanted the land?
Jordan, Syria, Egypt ALL gained land in the exact same way, Jordan is an artificial country where the British brought Hashemite clan from Saudi to control Palestinian Arabs.
I can demonstrate with articles from books, reliable sources etc. but if you have still nothing to say for believing Iranian intelligence agency didn't know small area preaparing 3000+ missiles, i have nothing to clarify to you because you will believe what you believe
I'm willing to change my mind. So I'm going to ask for the 4th time. Provide me with those sources.
You deny Israel commits crimes you only accept video as proof. You said you had a list for me. Or is that too hard to put together.
You’ve denied everything I’ve linked non AJ sources to because “no video didn’t happen”
Guess they’re all liars huh. Can’t wait for the list you promised.
One broken link for you that still works archived and you dismiss all the amnesty international, un reports and human rights watch group.
Keep excusing colonialism you pig.
Plenty of the links I posted cite their sources to the crimes of Israel  that have nothing to do with collateral damage. There you go cherry picking again.
 fucking
/u/the5thfinger. Please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis. [(Rule 2)](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsraelPalestine/wiki/rules/detailed-rules#wiki_2._no_profanity)
*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/IsraelPalestine) if you have any questions or concerns.*
