這個巨碑的具體作用仍然在討論當中，但是它們可能在中期青銅時代組成了迦南人的“高地”，即約公元前1600年。
I hadn't seen a lot of the episodes and then my phone started lighting up.
Naturally, the office landscape features many clothes and little in the way of food.
The gathering was originally slated for Washington’s private Metropolitan Club on H Street a few blocks away.
現在還不清楚在哪個里面。
這是坐船從歐洲大陸出發的。
After the Compromise, Emperor and King Franz Joseph I. took great care to treat both of his monarchies equally.
很大程度上由於希臘的地理條件（幾乎每個島嶼、山谷和平原都被海洋或山脈於外界隔開了），希臘被分成了許多個小型自治城區。
He worked for the BBC for a decade.
The event was known about in Paris and caused more upset in a mood which was already charged by the persistently high price of bread and lack of provisions.
但它最近在工作場所聊天遊戲方面的努力是科技公司的更大趨勢中的一部分。
At this time there were only around forty families living there with plenty of good farming land and grazing for cattle.
其中兩個古典時代的最著名地中海文明是希臘城邦和腓尼基人，兩者均大規模地在地中海的海岸線進行殖民活動。
在其範圍內，它屬於當時影響最深遠的文化之一，其中，很多遺址都很有名。
However, there was no further public recognition of her wartime resistance and humanitarian work until after the end of communist rule in Poland.
He'd also like to see greater enforcement and investigative powers for the Real Estate Council of Ontario (RECO), which regulates agents in the province.
This would not only apply to entertainment content, but equally to education, to scientific research and, perhaps most importantly, to political discourse.
“We face a lot of competition, and we think transit can help,” said Joe Sternlieb, president of the Georgetown BID.
該誓言牽涉立法會議員效忠於香港作為中華人民共和國的一部分的宣誓。
已有人提出較低的人均收入是抱怨憤懣的起因，會推動武裝暴亂。
美利肯(Millican)死的時候，我們也都認為那會是我們最後一次看到瘋狂又古怪的Odi。
Throughout history, the international hair market has always had a political dimension, says Tarlo.
博伊·斯特（Von Beust）解釋說，費用增加是因為缺少具體計劃而導致的。
根據和平協議，西班牙將自己的殖民地波多黎各、關島以及菲律賓割讓給了美國。
在下議院決定他的候選人資格無效並宣布得票第二名獲勝之前，威爾克斯兩次被選舉成功隨後又遭取消候選人資格。
It's like a super power sometimes.
在已開展了工作的城市或正在建設中的城市裡，我們會繼續工作，巴拉特（Barratt）說道。
你抵抗過鬧鐘嗎？
他們通常是那種有一堆東西想做的藝術家。
這次事件可以被看作他激進革命事業的起點。
在16世紀與西方的往來中，因為建立起了利潤可觀的交易通道，帶來了一系列長遠的經濟增長。
凱莎和貝貝一起創作了歌曲《史蒂芬》，當時她只有16歲，凱莎隨後找到了她所欽佩的作曲家、政治文獻樂隊成員大衛·加姆遜，後者同意為她寫歌。
倫敦的地標建築南銀大廈聘請了室內設計師瑞秋·溫漢（Rachel Winham）來設計其展覽公寓。
這次撤退行動讓普奧聯軍感到意外，因為幾乎所有丹麥軍隊都成功完成了撤離。
That led to revelations over the last two days that at least six other Quebec journalists were targeted by provincial police surveillance operations.
但是挑戰和而他們取得這些挑戰的歌曲，把有聯繫和可追溯的神經系統添加到那大量清晰度極低的瘋傳視頻。
He also said Klein was uncommunicative, uncooperative and unwilling to walk up from cells under the courthouse to attend his hearing.
對羅曼諾夫王朝的理想願景使他對國家的實際情況視而不見。
Of course, I do understand that modern-day Germany must be separated from the Nazi regime.
兩年後，在香港高等法院上，朱婷表現得十分鎮定。
Sulphur is a key plant nutrient vital to healthy growth, but UK soils are naturally deficient in this essential mineral.
1882年，一個裝有34個消防報警信號的電報系統投入使用。
20世紀90年代，拉費蒂又發布了兩張唱片，隨後被音樂家湯姆·羅賓遜稱為“重大回歸”。
蘇格蘭人詹姆斯·瓦特從根本上改變了其工作原理。
For Kerber, the season finale nevertheless marks the end of an unbelievable year.
但是，他們被攔截了，所以不得不在哈德遜河附近的Freeman進行戰鬥。
Each map in the exhibition tells its own story, not all factual.
The Hong Kong government, which is led by pro-Beijing lawmakers, have argued that the pair should not take office.
她所有的精力都是從哪兒來的？或者，那種能引發衝擊波的吼聲是從哪兒來的？
雪人能跳過用來分隔兩地的高柵欄，並總能回到讓他感覺是家的地方。
Tina Anselmi was born on the 25th of March, 1927 in Castelfranco Veneto; she grew up in an anti-fascist Catholic family, which was marked by the persecution of her militant socialist father.
這些CRTC聽證會的目的是處理來自行業利益相關者和公眾的反饋。
1955年，三島開始接受舉重訓練，每星期訓練三次，在生命的最後15年內，從未中斷。
伊斯蘭正義與發展黨保守派把這次拒絕作為之前的疑問的證明。
同時，當賬戶餘額為£3,000-£5,000時，蘇格蘭銀行的客戶可為賬戶添加免費的有利選項，這樣就能賺取賬戶餘額的3%。
It has three parallel chapels at the apse and many lateral chapels between the buttresses.
Caplan dismisses retrospective voting, quoting a pair of scholars who call it “no more rational than killing the pharaoh when the Nile does not flood.”
Higher male secondary school enrollment, per capita income and economic growth rate all had significant effects on reducing the chance of civil war.
像Rai一樣的學生已經在學校與輔導員會面，談論發生了什麼事，但她說，最大安慰是可以見到她的朋友們。
Stephen Wheeler, the editor, worked Kipling hard, but Kipling's need to write was unstoppable.
最新的數據來源於去年10月24日，其中講到，柴油價格為1335歐元每升，歐元區平均價格為1165歐元每升。
There is no parade and there never has been.
Then the commercial ends.
In 1976, the racecourse was no longer used; in 1990, a fire destroyed what remained of the wooden grandstands, which were later demolished along with the stables.
美國解放了古巴（在美國軍隊佔領古巴之後）。
Later, when Augustus founded the Roman Empire, the Romans referred to the Mediterranean as Mare Nostrum ("Our Sea").
蒂娜·安塞密爾於1927年3月25日出生於威尼托自由堡；她在一個反法西斯的天主教家庭中長大，她的家庭受社會主義軍人父親被迫害的經歷的影響。
與此同時，克林頓和盟友們正努力讓特朗普立於聚光燈下，指責他蔑視女性和少數族裔，且他的性情使他無法勝任。
現在，Khanzir可能是一隻寂寞的豬，但他並不是一直都孤獨。
亞斯碼頭賽道網站上有精確計時。
I also struggle with passwords.
I declare the first international Olympic games over.
With regards to religious practices, Fiorello was educated within the Episcopal Church, and remained a member of the Protestant Church throughout his life.
在安全措施下，其中一個研究的實例也製造了一個和瓦倫蒂諾·羅西競爭的擬人機器人。
在最近的一次採訪中，ZAY和Zayion描述了使用家用筆記本錄製他們的“Knuck If You Buck”的版本的過程。
一項支持這個假設的證據是塞斯托聖喬瓦尼Villa Pelucca中的大量皇家馬匹。
據說，這是一個政治過程，我決定不參與其中。
Forts were also built in the older portions of New France that had not yet been settled.
After it became obvious that Ottoman Empire would lose all of Macedonia and its territorial connection with Albania, the Great Powers realized they had to change their decision.
相反，他們決定讓阿爾巴尼亞仍然處於宗主國奧斯曼的統治，但擁有自治政府。
Agricultural land can actually suffer from the destruction of the surrounding landscape.
另一方面，管理妥善的健康生態系統將能降低這些事件的發生率，或至少能減輕不利影響。
That 3% rate also applies to Nectar cardholders looking to borrow from £15,001-£19,999 over a period of between two and three years.
放下麥克風。
拉瑪爾的早期發明包括改良交通信號燈以及能夠溶於水產生碳酸飲料的藥丸。
在有人就有關人員與原住民進行互動一事提出“令人擔憂的問題"後，安大略省警方獨立審查主任格里·邁科內爾里訂立了本週要檢討的事項。
The GOP lead was carried by strong numbers in absentee voting, and their overall edge stood at about 16,500 earlier this week.
Voting has, in the vernacular of terror, become the new soft target.
金正日的官方自傳還聲稱他創作了六部歌劇，喜歡音樂舞台劇。
He then returned to Kirriemuir.
During the first stages of Romanization, the peninsula was divided in two by the Romans for administrative purposes.
此舉動強調了公司對用戶的期望，希望用戶不要只把其產品當作提高生產率的工具。
In the following year, 1977, he received the distinction of the American Friendship Medal for the friendly position of his press toward the USA.
However, they were intercepted and had to do battle in Freeman, close to the Hudson River.
希斯帕尼亞(Hispania)一詞的來源備受爭議，各種猜測僅僅是基於有可能只是巧合的相似度，且缺乏有力證據。
俄羅斯女皇葉卡捷琳娜同樣非常滿意。
即便工作環境中的大部分問題也可以通過無衝突的方法解決。
但在史密斯死後，這些幾乎全都被遺忘了。
我事後問她是不是明白為什麼人們會投票給特朗普。
This will put new limits on the nature of the environmental changes that overtook the Earth and sent so many species - not just the dinosaurs - into oblivion.
和我認識的許多人一樣，我近幾個月熬夜閱讀調查，感到恐懼。
他補充說：“這是在尋找男性激素避孕方法的正確組合的漫長旅程中的一小步。”
他在比賽里展現了強硬的一面，但同時也有溫柔的一面。
它與這個國家西部的不同之處在於，其主要的地形特點與海岸區域不相同。
但泰國的城鎮化也導致了問題的激增，如肥胖。
Hitchcock's films sometimes feature characters struggling in their relationships with their mothers.
拿破崙確信，奧斯特利茨的成功能夠帶來一項全面的和平條約，但是他的希望很快就破滅了：新上任的英國首相格林威爾閣下拒絕所有協議，沙皇亞歷山大也一樣。
在我發現了大量關於該話題的網絡討論後，我的列表變得非常長，幾乎涉及聯邦內的每一個州。
Australia's Royal National Park, established in 1879, was the world's second officially established national park.
Only a handful of them (earldoms) had existed under Henry I and these had been largely symbolic.
From the 1st of January there will be an increase in petrol and diesel.
The Macedonian army advanced as far as the pass of Thermopylae which divides Greece in two parts, but it did not attempt to take it because it was strongly guarded by a joint force of Athenians, Spartans, and Achaeans.
SaskTel的無限數據用戶Lindsay Gay上個月報導說，它棒極了。
The dress is contemporary.
在法國共和歷3年雨月（1794年1月至二月），為了緩解恐怖統治時期的壓力，他採取了多種方法來釋放嫌疑犯。
Prior to Emperor Meiji, the names of the eras were changed more frequently, and the posthumous names of the Emperors were chosen in a different manner.
夏天，Georges和他的妻子回到了瑞士，還帶著Germaine的一個朋友的18歲女兒Rosane。
這次輪到他了，但他拒絕相信她不再願意嫁給他了。
在亞歷山大的建議下，他願意達成妥協：他會上大學，但要學文學。
“While much of the digital transition is unprecedented in the United States, the peaceful transition of power is not,” Obama special assistant Kori Schulman wrote in a blog post Monday.
但是，它太執著於西方的蠅頭小利，未能做好面對海外衝突的充分準備。
第二季目前還在進行中嗎？
諾曼（Norman）是我的好朋友之一，所以當我看到他情感狀態不佳時，我很難受。
At just 20, she is a strong voice against bullying and a positive one in helping girls embrace their own standards of beauty.
分析表明，已經使用了大量的歷史數據，造成中斷。
Mrs Clinton has a reputation for a hawkish outlook, but this will be tempered by war-weary public opinion in the US.
我們不認為嫌疑人與這所學校丶那兩名女孩或更確切的說是阿伯茲福德地區有任何联系，她說。
首先，我們必須教人們如何在網上更好地保護自己。
聯合國回顧國家削減碳計劃時說，他們非常難以實現保持全球氣溫上升2C下所需要的水平。
Numerous indigenous peoples occupied Alaska for thousands of years before the arrival of European peoples to the area.
At least 330,000 people, including 10,000 technicians, were involved.
根據費加羅報的說法，政府的計劃能夠省出4200萬歐元，其中1550萬歐元可以供安保使用。
很多公司可能試圖在脆弱的系統和外來勢力間建立防火牆，但這一方法並不總是奏效。
Seagal, whose grandmother was from Vladivostok in Russia's far east, has made frequent trips to Russia in recent years and visited Kamchatka and Sakhalin in September.
Durán擔任發言人，Ángel Pintado擔任財務長。
全美的印第安人都依賴其作為主要的醫學治療方法。
然而對科貝爾（Kerber）來說，賽季季末標誌著不可思議的一年的結束。
With advice from Alexander, he was able to work out a compromise: he would attend a university, but would study literature.
After the Russian Revolution in 1917, some countries, such as Finland, Poland and the Baltic States, won their independence.
這個部門現在面臨新的挑戰。
城市中大部分的社會住房位於Viguier區和La Conte區內，因為這兩個區的人口主要由移民或來自移民國家的人組成。
消費者可以刺激對改變的需求。
讚美詩獲得一致好評，觀眾要求返場。
2011年1月，布朗特開始出演萊恩·約翰遜導演的美國科幻電影《時兇獵殺》，一起出演的還有布魯斯·威利斯以及喬瑟夫·高登-李維；該片於2012年9月上映。
The 1980 presidential campaign between Reagan and incumbent President Jimmy Carter was conducted during domestic concerns and the ongoing Iran hostage crisis.
To avoid experiencing a similar dilemma with Jasmine, the filmmakers ultimately decided to have the princess animated entirely at one studio.
Our cellphones are so much more than phones these days.
The probe began in June, focusing on Mr Winterkorn and brand chief Herbert Diess, who remains at the car maker.
And now he is also world champion.
The working time undertaken in this first hour is more or less equal to 45 minutes.
撤退的消息讓丹麥大眾十分震驚，他們曾認為丹內維爾克是堅不可摧的，梅塞將軍也被隨即被解除指揮權。
在七大洲的模型中，北美洲和南美洲被視為兩個獨立的大陸。
當風速變快後，某些顆粒被帶入氣流中。
To get away from it all, the Remis resided in Switzerland for most of summer 1947.
早在1926年，邁爾就致信伊雷娜·約里奧-居里，建議讓羅娜和她一起工作，以了解他的實驗室是如何製作出自己的釙樣本的。
關於這個時期的信息主要來自埋葬地點以及陪葬品。
在藉記卡數據的幫助下，埃森的警察正在調查四名目擊者，因為當一名退休員工在銀行死掉的時候，他們在一旁袖手旁觀。
在奧斯曼帝國很明顯就要失去馬其頓及其與阿爾巴尼亞相鄰的領土之後，六大國意識到他們必須改變自己的決定。
The debris formed a ring around the Earth's equator and was eventually drawn together by gravity to form the moon.
我們很失望，因為我們在主場比賽時丟了六分。
顯而易見的是，名人的名字最開始是相當罕見的。
英國的工業革命比其他任何國家的工業革命都早。
In 1072, Shen was sent to supervise Wang's program of surveying the building of silt deposits in the Bian Canal outside the capital city.
It resulted, however, in the abandonment of important pieces of heavy artillery, and it remains a matter of historical debate why the railway to Flensburg was never properly used for the evacuation.
Both students of Goffredo Petrassi, Ennio Morricone and Bruno Nicolai met at the Santa (Saint) Cecelia conservatory.
有著兩個尖塔的小鎮一閃而過。
"Cinema had changed so drastically that Hollywood had alienated the family audience."
The 2019 Winter Universiade will be hosted by Krasnoyarsk.
When Millican died, we assumed that was the last we’d see of glitchy, twitchy Odi too.
Native Americans across the Americas relied on it as a staple of their medical treatments.
一名警方發言人告訴美聯社發生了“口角”繼而演變為“語言衝突”，但無人員傷亡報告。
第二年，也就是1977年，由於他的媒體對美國的態度很友好，他收到了美國友誼榮譽勳章。
三島生前贊助了一個獨立的民族品牌。
Also that year, she briefly appeared in Disney's The Muppets, as Miss Piggy's receptionist.
Then there are the so-called true stories that get posted in a series of meaningful pictures with text running underneath.
1770年，他的兄弟亨利王子坎伯蘭和斯特拉森公爵被曝與人通姦；第二年，坎伯蘭公爵娶了年輕的寡婦安娜·霍頓。
Theoretically, a couple could open four Tesco accounts and earn 3% on £12,000 – £360.
Ford T was proclaimed as the most influential car of the 20th century in the international Car of the Century awards.
The blockage of Villeneuve's fleet resulted in giving up the invasion plan of the British Isles, also because new developments were taking place in the continent.
1832年10月31日，克頓生於桑德蘭附近的一個小鎮裡。
投資人把政府債券全部售出，美國債券和澳大利亞債券受到的影響最大。
埃及法老因此發現自己身處阿穆魯北部，在遠離加低斯的圖尼普，自近120年前的圖特摩斯三世以來，這裡從未有埃及士兵出現。
With population growth, new indigenous quarters were created.
我們要評估是否需要以及如何進入下一部分。
地面戰爭的格局從一戰時由靜態防禦的前線主導，變成更注重機動性和武器的多樣性。
他們的複興強調一個絕妙的挑戰的吸引力，不論是否具藝術性：不適丶成長，以及充滿意義的聯繫。
In 1976 he met with a friend who worked with his record label The Rocket Record Company, Kiki Dee, to record what would be another remarkable success for him: "Don't Go Breaking My Heart".
In the summer, Georges and his wife returned to Switzerland, accompanied by Rosane, an 18 year old who was the daughter of one of Germaine's friends.
後來奧古斯塔斯建立了羅馬帝國，羅馬人把地中海稱為“我們的海”(Mare Nostrum)。
這些定居活動約在公元前1000年可能就已開始，當時東部的美拉尼西亞人在往北遷移。
"There are 1200 volunteers working for the parade alone," González Anaya says.
他們是美麗而且充滿希望的新一代，所以必須要用開放的心態和清醒的頭腦來對待。
中國人對炸雞永不滿足的胃口曾是投資者喜愛百勝餐飲集團（肯德基的母公司）的主要原因。
英國皇家鳥類保護協會（RSPB）的立場也使其與很多自然資源保護主義的領導人們發生衝突，這些領導人包括請願書的作者馬克·艾弗里（Mark Avery）以及電視主持人克·帕克漢姆（Chris Packham）。
Through his grandmother, Mishima was a direct descendant of Tokugawa Ieyasu.
約翰·伯戈因將軍領導了這次遠征，他希望能到達奧爾巴尼。
卡塔拉諾（Catalano）曾住在倫敦，隨後搬到了格拉斯哥，最後搬回了他以前在格拉斯哥藝術學院學習珠寶設計時住過的地方。
Alejandra González Anaya, one of the parade's creative directors, explained to CNN why Mexico have decided now is the time to put on such a show.
Unfortunately, rapid population growth and urban sprawl has covered much of these ecosystems with development.
This card gives an allowance that can be withdrawn from ATMs in order to buy school needs such as books and uniforms.
多族裔的阿契美尼德軍隊吸納了許多巴爾干人從軍。
A third-party majority is needed, specifically the votes of 367 MPs (out of 550), whereas 330 votes are required in order to trigger a referendum.
In 1519, he became ruler of the Habsburg empire, and he gained the title Holy Roman Emperor in 1530.
美國共和黨之所以領先是因為有很多缺席的人，他們的整體優勢在於這週早些時候大概有16,500人缺席。
但是由於朱利安在363年被殺，此說法就被推翻了。
The South Korean company initially thought a battery fault was to blame, and switched its own component for a third-party power cell.
雖然此區域只佔據歐洲地表的11%，但阿爾卑斯山脈為歐洲低海拔地區，特別是在乾旱地區和夏季月份，提供了高達90%的水資源。
A recent example of weather control was China's preparation for the 2008 Summer Olympic Games.
不過，也留下了懸而未決的問題。
戴高樂命令不得在公共場合表示對丘吉爾的過度崇拜，不經他的命令不得向丘吉爾頒布任何正式獎項。
警察們本來能夠在星期天早晨的行動中製服那個53歲的人。
至少33萬人參與了該項目，其中包括1萬名技術人員。
It is difficult to think that Italy has fewer km of underground line than Madrid.
An F1 ticket grants access to the concert on the same day.
工作人員可以把宗教相關的物品放在辦公桌上嗎？
在歐洲，戰爭爆發之前，同盟國在人口和經濟上都有著明顯優勢。
明治天皇以前，朝代年號經常改變，天皇的諡號也起自不同的方式。
Even if the majority of situations that arise in the workplace can be resolved without conflict.
Failing health reduced Hitchcock's output during the last two decades of his life.
The Internet effort was said to be the main driver of capital expenditures for the unit.
誰能阻止澳大利亞隊？
貝瑞進了愛丁堡大學，他在那里為《愛丁堡晚報》寫戲劇評論。
Its guarantee of liberties promised to dissolve inter-communal tensions and transform the empire into a more harmonious place.
前所未有的是，越來越多的科技公司能夠在華爾街上有一席之地了，數量甚至比在矽谷的還要多。
According to the programme, she will speak at 23.45.
警察傻到不行的問我是否認識作家君特·德·布呂因（Günter de Bruyn），以及我們是否是親戚。
自二十世紀六十年代以來，南韓的經濟已獲得了巨大的增長，經濟結構被徹底改變。
1072年，沈括被派往管理王安石的淤泥沉積調查計劃，對首都外的汴河開展工作。
工業革命令人們對機器金屬部件有所需求。
理所當然地，辦公室景觀的特點是衣服非常多而食物只有一點點。
I don’t call it a beast lightly.
大多數人會認為機場Wi-Fi比能在飛機上發電子郵件這件事更加有用。
South Africa are almost at the point of no return and we have to be able to match their desire.
澳大利亞的皇家國家公園建立於1879年，是世界上由官方建立的第二個國家公園。
The amount of goods transported on the Danube increased to about 100 million tons in 1987.
而且，她同意道，“你要看看她承認我們需要做一些不同的東西的地方-我們可以做得更好-還有她表達遺憾的地方。”
矛盾的核心問題在於，堪薩斯州是以自由州還是奴隸制州的身份加入聯邦。
Are workers allowed to keep religious objects on their desks?
Finally, we must make it easy for people to report suspected breaches and malicious emails.
The treaty opened new ports to trade and allowed foreigners to travel in the interior.
John of Gaunt died in 1399.
邁克爾·法倫說，切斷第一根鋼材的那一天，保證了新投資，和上百個技術工作的安全，該效應可持續到2035年。
同時，那個黨鞭的分居妻子也開始了競選活動以奪回席位。
棲息地被破壞後，人類也會無法直接使用自然棲息地。
It set the basis for integration where the economic and judicial mechanisms of the state could be applied throughout the Mediterranean as was once done from Latium into all Italy.
It was conducted just off the Mexican coast from April to June.
“我去了北安普頓大學的畢業生成就展發掘新的人才”，他說。
This idealized vision of the Romanov monarchy blinded him to the actual state of his country.
蘇伊士運河危機顯示了舊殖民地力量如大英帝國和法國在這個不斷變化的世界裡的局限。
However, Pyrrhus was forced to leave Sicily in order to attend to business in southern Italy.
It has been emphasised that we absolutely cannot continue with those who are completely against Italy.
From about the 8th century BC city states began to appear: small, self-governing territories with their own political systems.
A Swedish study has shown that animals seldom, if at all, land after the 2 month breeding period.
Who are they?
It included three tracks cowritten with Rafferty's brother Jim, also a singer-songwriter, who had been signed to Decca Records in the 1970s.
By the peace treaty Spain ceded to the United States its colonies of Puerto Rico, Guam, and the Philippines.
自16世紀起，到訪加勒比海區域的歐洲人發現了“南海”（即巴拿馬地峽南邊的太平洋，與“北海”相對；北海是指巴拿馬地峽北邊的加勒比海）。
It usually involves a low level of development, such as rustic picnic areas, benches and trails.
There was a time, Mr Panvalkar said, when he felt that they should leave the building.
Joseph Brant帶領的來自加拿大的印第安人到達了；殖民者徵收了越來越多的屬於他們的土地，所以他們趕來支持英國人。
Cotton was born on October 31, 1832, in a village near Sunderland.
In the 20th century, between 1904 and 1914, Antonio Gaudí brought about a reform that lasted ten years.
憑藉F1賽車的門票，還可以去當天的音樂會。
The annual survey also revealed that worries about taking on fresh financial burdens has rocketed.
China was defeated, and in 1842 agreed to the provisions of the Treaty of Nanking.
In China the hair is typically put in a chemical bath to remove the cuticle completely, Tarlo explains.
現在需要一個佔多數的第三方，特別是議員票(550張)中的367票內，至少要有330票才能提出公投。
However there are many MLAs with deeply-held religious beliefs who oppose any new legislation.
The Minister of Defense has allowed her to remain General Secretary of the party for now.
However, the breakdown between him and Linares and the discontinuation of the progressive line provoked the Revolution of Vindication which overthrew him in 1879.
In 2003, he dominated in the points standings and leading the last 33 of 36 races and became the 2003 NASCAR Winston Cup champion, the last driver to ever hold that title.
這項習俗在近代只是稍微有所改變，現在朋友間還是不建議稱呼名，而是稱呼姓。
還要求大眾汽車支付巨額賠償，承擔法律責任，並接受超過160億歐元的處罰條款。
Tuesday is all about getting out the vote, but it means nothing if a registered voter isn't on the list.
我認為這是他們陶醉於圖案和顏色的原因。
上個月，在希爾斯堡教堂山鎮區外，有人轟炸了共和黨總部。
The Schlei and the wetlands between the Danevirke and Husum had frozen solid in a hard winter, and the territory immediately south of the Danevirke had been conquered by the advancing German army.
這裡提供酒精類飲品，諸如啤酒、蜂蜜酒和bjórr酒（一種烈性水果酒），富人還可以享用到進口葡萄酒。
Bloch is concerned to establish hope as the guiding principle of his Marxism and stresses the implied humanism inherent in mystical tradition.
Due to the shared climate, geology, and access to the sea, cultures centered on the Mediterranean tended to have some extent of intertwined culture and history.
With her appearance finalized, Jasmine became Disney's first non-white princess as opposed to being of European heritage.
“Superheroes are outside of human experience and so is this, so I treated it like a drama,” Zimmer says.
在20世紀國際汽車評選活動中，福特T型車被評為最有影響力車型。
哈雷戴維森公司的發言人稱在媒體間盛傳的大事年表——2017或2020年——並不准確。
我也想知道戴維斯盃（Davis Cup）是否扮演了重要角色。
這通常包括低水平的發展，例如鄉村野餐區、長凳和小徑。
內華達州的產業輸出有旅遊業、礦業、機械加工業、印刷與出版、食品加工和電子設備。
氣體質量分類法於19世紀50年代就在天氣預報中獲得首次應用，而氣候學家在1973年開始據此想法建立起了氣象氣候學。
De Gaulle had instructed that there be no excessive displays of public affection towards Churchill and no official awards without his prior agreement.
畢竟，互聯網並不是奢侈品；它是一個必不可少的工具。
Major European rivers flow from Switzerland, such as the Rhine, the Rhône, the Inn, the Ticino and the Po, all of which have headwaters in the Alps and flow into neighbouring countries, finally emptying into the North Sea, the Mediterranean Sea, the Adriatic Sea and the Black Sea.
At each station, a red-capped guard presides over the platform and a wheel-tapper walks along the train with a hammer, gently knocking the undercarriage.
因此，特朗普並不擔心拉丁美裔的投票會在全國范圍內造成影響。
2019年世界大學生冬季運動會將由雅茨克舉辦。
Four in 10 adults have been injured due to bad weather while nine in 10 underestimate how chilly Britain can get in the winter time.
Joseph Darnand, who became an SS officer and led the Milice paramilitaries who hunted down members of the Resistance, was executed in October 1945.
This discordance between economic data and political rhetoric is familiar, or should be.
This is what has been written in a note to Mps after the decision of the ex-minister to leave the party.
除此之外，他們兩者似乎都至少佔有下埃及的一些區域。
Wright is a friend of fellow director Garth Jennings, and made cameos in his films The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy and Son of Rambow.
該方案通過贊助和廣告來盈利。
Forced baptism was contrary to the law of the Catholic Church, and theoretically anybody who had been forcibly baptized could legally return to Judaism.
從某種層面上來說，它和藹可親含蓄謙遜暖人心房，似乎為周日下午的觀賞而特製。
解約後，佩妮斯頓在音樂劇《綠野仙踪》中扮演善良的女巫琳達。
菲利普隨後朝南面的敵人推進。
In April 2012, the Turkish Minister President Erdogan announced his government's plans to free Bosphorus by building the Istanbul Canal parallel to it.
他於1882年4月21日畢業，獲得文學碩士學位。
1976年，他碰到了他的一位朋友，Kiki Dee，她和火箭唱片公司正在合作，也正是這家公司發行了他另一首極為成功的歌曲：《勿傷我心》。
I also wonder whether the Davis Cup played a part.
一直與天主教聯盟關係密切的蒂娜·安賽密爾尤其關注教師和紡織業工人的權利。
More than 330 crew are onboard the ship.
Hitchcock preferred to work with the best talent of his day—film poster designers such as Bill Gold and Saul Bass—who would produce posters that accurately represented his films.
阿爾卑斯山脈為歐洲低海拔地區提供了飲用水、灌溉水和水力發電的條件。
The Alps provide lowland Europe with drinking water, irrigation, and hydroelectric power.
France integrated the economy of Cameroun with that of France and improved the infrastructure with capital investments and skilled workers, modifying the system of forced labour.
The current waiting period is eight weeks.
When they land, they strike other particles which may be jerked into the air in their turn, starting a chain reaction.
He reigned only fifteen years, which is evidenced by the incomplete nature of many of his constructions.
Do you argue with your alarm clock?
This magma tends to be very viscous due to its high silica content, so it often does not reach the surface but cools at depth.
Among humans both males and females are ardent singers, and making music is mostly a communal activity.
However, in Thailand, urbanization has also resulted in massive increases in problems such as obesity.
不管哪種情況，我都要坐牢，希望這麼做是值得的。
I can just do that with my life.
Retail and wholesale businesses expanded as shoppers remained upbeat, and consumer services companies also grew.
According to the city's police department, a fight broke out after "a large group of people... who identified themselves as district authorities" arrived on set on Tuesday.
Its management, however, hasn't been devoid of criticism.
During the 2010 general election, the Labor Party was able to win all seven voting districts.
Amazon has become the fourth American company with the largest market capitalisation, surpassing ExxonMobil.
The First World War brought about shifts and new developments in colonial politics.
Following her dismissal, Peniston took playing as Glinda the Good Witch in a theatrical production of musical play The Wiz.
它是一個供當地舊金山人休息和放鬆的地方。
建築不能幫助已故之人，但有助於他們的記憶在生者之中永保鮮活，他說。
After the discovery of America by Christopher Columbus in 1492, the Spanish term Antillas applied to the lands; stemming from this, "Sea of the Antilles" became a common alternative name for "Caribbean Sea" in various European languages.
"Her voice literally went around the world," Leive said.
其重要性在兩個事實中反應出來。
對巴羅佐（Barrosos）來說，這個事件還未結束。
Explanations of the origin of music depend on how music is defined.
The greater part of the Danube Delta lies in Romania (Tulcea county), while its northern part, on the left bank of the Chilia arm, is situated in Ukraine (Odessa Oblast).
但是，由於他們兩人之間非正式的合作導致的法律糾紛，兩人之間的友誼出現了破裂。
It is his dream to end his career here.
這張卡里的補助能夠從自動取款機取出，用於購買需要的學習用品，如書和校服。
This affair can be seen as the starting point for his career as a radical revolutionary.
According to Le Figaro, this government plan could free up 42 million euros, of which 15.5 million would go towards security.
Designed by Juan Carlos Salas, the award-winning building has a sculptural appearance and every detail carries meaning.
香蕉和粉芭蕉，最早在東南亞種植（最有可能在巴布亞新幾內亞），可能早在5000年前就已傳至非洲。
“北京認為，為了防止市內立法工作的持續癱瘓，它的干預是必要的”，他說。
When people die of old age in India, it is supposed to be a celebration.
反對派告訴《西班牙世界報》：“一定會有抗議和其他活動的，這些都已經計劃好了。”
德國報紙《時代周報》（Die ZEIT）首先向該房地產企業質詢了其可疑的現金流和七月份的破產危機。
理論上，一對情侶可以開四個樂購賬戶，從£12,000的餘額中賺取3%的返現，即£360。
但是在新生事物中，希斯帕尼亞的影響也非常大。
在人類之中，男人和女人都是很好的歌手，創造音樂幾乎是一項團體活動。
As Brisbane grew, the condition of the river worsened until at its worst it was no more than an open sewer and waste dump.
1961年10月1日，前英屬南喀麥隆與法屬喀麥隆統一，組成喀麥隆聯邦共和國。
I wanted to watch it with them, but they decided they’d rather watch it without me in the end.
In early October, the transition team used the same venue to meet with technology lobbyists, inviting representatives from Uber, the Motion Picture Association of America, the Consumer Technology Association and other groups.
He could detect the effects of the election around him, in the bursts of conflict and the curious intersection of new ideas with old ones.
The witching hour starts up at least by the time the scary organ is played, such as in the 60s hit Monster Mash.
The chalet burned completely down.
這方面的投資在2015年增長了6%，至2210億美元。
May has received great criticism for avoiding and not responding openly to the media after the judicial ruling on Brexit.
In July 1918, the Franco-Monegasque Treaty was signed, providing for limited French protection over Monaco.
週二是動員投票的日子，但如果已登記的選民不在名單上就毫無意義了。
他們的環境政策部部長傑夫·諾特（Jeff Knott）說：“如果任一禁令或授權能在這一基礎上實施，我會感到很驚訝。”
In the 8th century BC, Greece began to emerge from the Dark Ages which followed the fall of the Mycenaean civilization.
Lenny is a persistent bachelor who has poor luck with women.
The oldest known historical reference to the city is to be found on an inscription of conquered sites at Thutmose's temple at Karnak.
Fast forward to 2016 and this is increasingly worthy of attention.
King Salaman replaced the political veteran with the head of financial oversight, Mohammed al-Jadaan.
不同的私營企業擁有餘下的土地，總共佔據該州的百分之一。
One of the examples of research applied under safety measures has also produced a humanoid robot to compete with Valentino Rossi.
By 1340, Cairo had a population of close to half a million, making it the largest city west of China.
截至2009年，《當下的力量》和《新世界》在北美總的銷量分別被評估為三百萬冊和五百萬冊。
However, there are important differences in law and procedure between Northern Ireland and England and Wales.
那個男人告訴他，正如他和Walter預測的那樣，兩個宇宙之間的戰爭將要來臨；正因為如此，Olivia和其他人都是被當作孩子來受訓的。
Nicolai collaborates on various cinematic scores by Morricone as Metti, one night at dinner; some of them were written by both together.
First and foremost was the provision of open space for the benefit of townspeople and local residents within an area that was being rapidly built up.
污染物不僅會傷害小孩子未發育的肺；他們也會導致青少年大腦的發育長期受到損傷。
電影院發生瞭如此巨變以至於好萊塢已經疏遠了家庭觀眾。
It's also fuelled the emergence of modern high-rises -- like the visionary MahaNakhon, Bangkok's tallest building.
That share has been rising steadily over the years — only 11 percent of the total vote was cast before Election Day in 1996, according to the Census Bureau  -- and seems likely to jump again this year.
而直至2007年，觀其（也許還有奈特利的）常見程度，其是前50名常用名字之一，名為凱拉的嬰兒是名為奇爾拉的嬰兒的三倍多。
Between them bloomed a long professional and amicable relationship that lasted for years.
他們得到了巴黎協定這件事值得慶賀，但目前他們的貢獻從未達到了1.5度的目標。
Federico Fellini once said: "The clown is to humanity as the shadow is to man".
British cavalry troopers also received excellent mounted swordsmanship training.
“加勒比海”的名字從“加勒比人”演化而來，加勒比人是15世紀末在該地區與歐洲人接觸的主要美洲土著群體。
In 1912 was founded the first film company (Athina Film) and in 1916 the Asty Film.
後來對廢墟進行了重建。
In return, Uber will receive a billion dollar investment and a seat on the board of directors of the Chinese company.
He described her as a "remarkable" and "loving and wonderful" woman who left her mark in the literary world with her stories.
公元前8世紀，在邁錫尼文明衰亡之後，希臘逐漸從中世紀中嶄露頭角。
有可能有正常的血紅蛋白水平，但總體的鐵儲備卻偏低，加拿大血液服務（CBS）說。
In 1832, the former cloister was sold to the manufacturer Georg Reichenbach by the state of Württemberg with the stipulation to establish a cotton factory there.
Napoleon was confident that the clear success of Austerlitz could lead to a general peace treaty, but his hopes were soon dashed: the new British Prime Minister Lord Grenville refused any agreement, and so did Tsar Alexander.
他們兩個之間形成了一種延續了多年的專業而友好的關係。
鑑於它未來的目標，有必要建立一種更為恰當的神學。
This convention is only slightly relaxed in modern age and now it is still unadvisable among friends to use the given name, but use of the family name is still common.
中國為2008年夏季奧運會進行的準備工作是近期天氣控制的一個例子。
But challenges, and the songs that score them, add a connective, traceable nervous system to the writhing mass of grainy video loops.
According to Christian belief, a grave which had been embedded in the chalkstone was the last resting place of Jesus.
他的妹妹在《蘇格蘭人報》上看到了一個招聘廣告，告訴了他，隨後他在《諾丁漢日報》擔任記者，為期一年半。
後者讓伊斯蘭教傳播到沿岸一帶，但大部分的班圖人從未接觸過伊斯蘭教，並保留了非洲傳統宗教信徒的身份。
每位神祗都獨特的代表了日常生活的實際所需，而且被人們小心翼翼的用恰當的儀式和祭品供奉。
由於英國退歐決定之後迴避和不公開回應媒體，特蕾莎·梅飽受批評。
紅銅時代最有名的人可能是生活在公元前3300年的木乃伊冰人奧茲（Ötzi）。
Gaining recognition as an expert in the field, she took those skills back to the Radium Institute along with a small disc of polonium.
The association that represents real estate agents in Ontario says more needs to be done to protect consumers and punish agents found to have engaged in unethical behaviour.
"If Donald Trump becomes president, the government here will still have to work with him to advance whatever shared agenda there is, to ensure that Canadian businesses and interests are represented in Washington."
The Caribbean Sea had been unknown to the populations of Eurasia until 1492, when Christopher Columbus first sailed into Caribbean waters on a quest to find a sea route to Asia.
Pompey took command of two legions in Capua and began to raise levies illegally, an act that, as was predictable, took advantage of the Caesarians who were in his favor.
In color, the leaves show a great variety of greens, ranging from yellowish to bluish.
Russia announced a suspension of the contract at the beginning of October.
The Blindleia is a skerry-protected waterway that starts near Kristiansand in southern Norway, and continues past Lillesand.
今年有關民主黨的爭論，一直圍繞著白人男性身分。
投資在溢價債券和其他國民儲蓄和投資賬戶裡的錢被當作籌募政府開支的基金。
Wilkes was re-elected and expelled twice more, before the House of Commons resolved that his candidature was invalid and declared the runner-up as the victor.
1519年，他成為哈布斯堡王朝的統治者，並於1530年獲得了神聖羅馬帝國皇帝的頭銜。
如果他的民主黨對手競選成功了，他保證她會“被調查很多年”。
The company told the BBC it would be the responsibility of each airline brand to decide whether to charge passengers an access fee.
By completing this maglev line, I think the government is expecting bigger economical development in Japan.
縱觀歷史，國際頭髮市場上一直有著政治層面的意義，Tarlo說。
調查於六月開始，調查對象主要針對溫特科恩（Winterkorn）先生和還在汽車製造廠工作的品牌首席代表赫伯特·迪斯（Herbert Diess）先生。
法官在達菲的欺詐和違反信託庭審中洗清了達菲的所有指控，並裁定它們符合參議院的規定。
斯大林開始鼓勵阿巴庫莫夫在國家安全部內組建自己的網絡，以挑戰貝利亞在該強力部門內的統治地位。
法國名聲不太好。
There are different theories about the reasons for leaving the place.
Perhaps that's why a surge of tears clouds his pupils while the syllable of time unearths his crop and surrenders his mystery to the bound waters.
她1981年的專輯《狂野西部》是她賣得最好的專輯之一。
During their various collaborations, it is not clear who between the two conceived of some stylistic solutions in the arrangements that later on characterised both artists' style.
在過去六年間失業率頭一次降到了20%以下，和去年相比，已經有60萬人找到了新工作。
Two years later, Jutting, now 31, is on trial at Hong Kong's High Court, charged with two counts of murder and one of preventing lawful burial.
他堅信那些等我們的人並不是真的在等我們。
公元前五世紀的希臘雅典城邦依賴來自塞西亞的進口穀物，因此與控制著海峽要道的城市，例如麥加拉的殖民地拜占廷，保持著關鍵同盟關係。
目前的等候時間為8週。
North Carolina is ground zero in this election.
He then spent four years with BBC World Service radio at Bush House.
這次他聲稱參與了戰役，甚至在戰鬥開始的兩小時後才不慌不忙地穿上了盔甲。
年度調查還顯示，擔心會承擔新的財政負擔的人數激增。
The Sahel's climate is similar to, but less extreme than, the climate of the Sahara desert located just to the north.
除了直接作為食物以外，動物還能提供皮毛，同時它們的糞便還能作為肥料。
本書在多個段落中詳細探討了戰爭對人類社會及文化的傷害。
國際可再生能源署的總幹事阿德南·阿明（Adnan Z. Amin）確信：“海上風力發電設備會在以非煤能源為基礎的全球經濟中成為領先的發電機。”
該覆核還在調查據稱來自安大略省北部城市的警官九月在Facebook上煽動性的言論。
在該領域獲得認可之後，她帶著這些技術以及一小塊釙回到了鐳學研究所。
這裡的氣候非常乾燥，偶爾甚至會有人誤以為這個平原是撒哈拉沙漠的一部分。
我的生活已經可以令我做到這件事。
Using an original technique, Shen successfully dredged the canal and demonstrated the formidable value of the silt gathered as a fertilizer.
在她寫的歌成功獲得歌曲出版協議之後，貝貝於1991年將家搬往田納西州的納什維爾。
一些分析家認為華為最有可能從三星的挫折中受益。
She killed Andre Price III by pressing his face into an air mattress in her sitting room before trying to do the same to her daughter, Angel, police said.
憲章曾允許創立由城鎮市民管理的商人行會，以向途經城鎮的人士徵收稅費。
據市公安局所述，週二“一大群自稱是區政府機關的人”來到片場後發生打鬥。
但掃描顯示Pugh女士右肺的腫瘤越來越大，因此她要離開試驗。
它的年度預算超過十四億美元，員工超過6000人。
Michael Fallon said the date for cutting the first steel would help secure new investment and safeguard hundreds of skilled jobs until 2035.
Therefore the irksome signs will not completely disappear: According to information from the news agency dpa, they will only be activated if, for instance, the artist or record label is not a member of GEMA and does not have an agreement with YouTube.
Department of Labor Findings on the Worst Forms of Child Labor reported that 56% of children aged 5 to 14 were working children and that almost 53% of children aged 7 to 14 combined work and school.
In addition, its process of gilding copper is technologically noteworthy.
But some security experts raised questions about the need for the course and the intent behind it.
The new iron guidelines mean more donors are needed.
It's possible to have normal hemoglobin levels, but to have low iron stores overall, says Canadian Blood Services (CBS).
Since the 1960s, the South Korean economy has grown enormously and the economic structure was radically transformed.
Thunderstorms are rare, as the city reports thunder on just seven days per year.
The Arab Revolt which began in 1916 turned the tide against the Ottomans on the Middle Eastern front, where they initially seemed to have the upper hand during the first two years of the war.
The judge in Duffy's fraud and breach of trust trial ultimately ruled they were within the Senate's rules when he cleared Duffy of all charges.
在極西北地區以外，泰加林具有統治地位，它覆蓋了整個西伯利亞的一個重要部分。
She was offered several scripts, television commercials, and stage projects, but none piqued her interest.
Von Bellingshausen sighted Antarctica on the 27th of January 1820, three days before Bransfield sighted land, and ten months before Palmer did so in November 1820.
In the Netherlands, authorities have taken a lower-tech approach to tracking drones.
在戰爭片、西部片和印第安電影中，戰場、打鬥和打人的場景總是不大切合實際。
They’re usually artists who want to do a bunch of stuff.
Hong Kong Island was ceded to Britain, and certain ports, including Shanghai and Guangzhou, were opened to British trade and residence.
實際上，詹姆斯·亨利·布雷斯特德於1903年撰寫的第一份關於該戰役的學術報告中充分讚揚了使該戰役得以重現的資源。
從該實驗的結果提供了進一步的支持，火箭上的種子可以存儲在國際空間站上並飛行六個月，而不會對它們在地球上發芽生長的能力產生任何顯著影響。
泰國華人的農曆春節和其他節日各有不同，因為這些節日是按照中國農曆來計算的。
At best it is naive and at worst it would yet again let the shooting lobby off the hook.
Researchers say analysing tumour DNA may help explain the underlying causes of other cancers.
"I have to congratulate Andy -- to get to No. 1 in the world that's an incredible achievement," the American said.
"Architecture won't help deceased people, but it helps to keep their memories alive among the living," he says.
馬其頓東部緊鄰色雷斯的邊境現在被奈斯托斯河（也叫麥斯塔河）所包圍。
Sand and dust storms are natural events that occur in arid regions where the land is not protected by a covering of vegetation.
Several ancient civilisations were located around the Mediterranean shores, and were greatly influenced by their proximity to the sea.
The Rupertsberg cloister was destroyed during the Thirty Years' War in 1632 by Swedish troops.
這就是為什麼我們會不斷回來爭取更多。
通過爆發的衝突，以及新老想法所交織的奇特部分，他可以察覺到選舉對於他周圍人的影響。
“我們在積極思考一些可能的方法，去把訴訟範圍限制在那些在項目中真正有地位的人之間”，引用他的話說。
這些預測與完工進入租賃市場的新公寓的比例一致，說明了國內的投資人在大多倫多市房地產市場上的重要作用。
《法國-摩納哥條約》於1918年7月簽署，法國據此為摩納哥提供有限的保護。
“所以我不想給你們施加哪怕一丁點的壓力，但你們肩負的是共和國的命運，”奧巴馬對在北卡羅來納大學運動場上的群眾說道。
在剛滿20歲時，她是反對欺凌行動強而有力的呼籲者，也是幫助女孩們擁抱自身審美標準的積極分子。
Papua New Guinea is often labelled as potentially the worst place in the world for gender violence.
Their head of nature policy, Jeff Knott, stated: “I’d be amazed if either a ban or licensing was introduced off the back of it”.
卡普蘭駁回追溯投票，引用學者的說話“不比在尼羅河沒有氾濫時殺掉法老王理智”。
沙特阿拉伯國國王薩勒曼（King Salaman）讓財政監管局局長穆罕默德•傑登（Mohammed al-Jadaan）代替政壇老手。
強制受洗有悖天主教教義；理論上而言，任何人在強制受洗後都可以重新皈依猶太教。
The car burst into flames, and Kenseth walked away.
1896年3月10日，英國大使館的威廉·赫爾勒牧師拜訪了赫爾茨。
CGI Mestre在通知中表明，至少在2017年以前，增值稅不會上升。
他似乎希望元老會和整個國家無需自己就能單獨行動，而且他的直接命令都十分含糊，這也導致了人們討論的內容更多是關於他的真實意圖是什麼，而不是是否應該通過他的法令。
In June 2012, the Icelandic band Sigur Rós released a video for the song "Fjögur Píanó", starring LaBeouf, in which he appears nude.
We will evaluate whether and how to continue onto the next section.
博格達汗控制的區域大約是清朝時期的前外蒙古的大小。
More and more tech companies are calling the shots more than ever before on Wall Street, even more than in Silicon Valley.
Really Really Love You was released in August and reach the top 50; "Shaky Ground", the related single, appeared in September but Geyer was already in the US.
Specifically, a male secondary school enrollment 10% above the average reduced the chance of a conflict by about 3%, while a growth rate 1% higher than the study average resulted in a decline in the chance of a civil war of about 1%.
Meanwhile, the estranged wife of a government whip has launched her campaign to take the seat.
In 1770, his brother Prince Henry, Duke of Cumberland and Strathearn, was exposed as an adulterer, and the following year Cumberland married a young widow, Anne Horton.
他還有其他更為優異的殊榮，比如紐約市健康醫療總局全球大使，以及哈佛商學院的學歷。
In addition, statute determines the election of assembly of regions, and metropolitan districts.
就當是他錯了。
Pugh女士已經在劍橋的Papworth和Addenbrooke醫院接受了治療。
馬丁（Martin）還沒寫完其廣受好評的系列叢書中的最後兩本，這兩本書現被稱為《凜冬的寒風》和《春曉的夢想》。
Bogd Khaan said that both Mongolia and China had been administered by the Manchu during the Qing, and after the fall of the Qing dynasty in 1911, the contract of Mongolian submission to the Manchu had become invalid.
Wintour herself appears briefly, and is filmed putting her sunglasses on before being interviewed.
By the 3rd century the emperor Caracalla made a new division which lasted only a short time.
庫恩（Kühn）只好搖搖頭。
幾十家銀行的破產和乾預導致資本外流，造成許多家企業破產。
According to the New Testament, Paul spent eighteen months in Corinth, approximately seventeen years after his conversion.
Of course, the tactile trend is closely linked to our growing obsession with making things.
當然，我們對製造東西越來越痴迷，這與可觸產品的流行緊密相關。
1075年夏季，他獲派遣前往契丹遼朝擔任使節，進一步在朝廷上獲得了美譽。
The CGI Mestre have stated in a note, that there will be no rise in VAT, for 2017 at least.
在競爭激烈的地區，那些在選舉當天會引發混亂的人已經夠多了。
第三天，我又再用EMicro。
In his haste to capture Kadesh, Ramesses II committed a major tactical error.
This was by boat from continental Europe.
我認為日本政府希望藉由完成磁浮線的建設看到日本經濟大幅增長。
These were the last two records Rafferty produced with Hugh Murphy, who died in 1998.
衣服上的血跡與謀殺案案發當天報導上的描述一樣。
他好像在三個朝上的杯子下面將小球彈來彈去。
After North Carolina passed its restrictive voting-rights bill in 2013, Campbell went around to churches teaching people how to deal with challenges to their registration.
Following a job advertisement found by his sister in The Scotsman, he worked for a year and a half as a staff journalist on the Nottingham Journal.
超過四千米長的金門公園裡有植物園、天文館、日本花園和水族館。
Currently, the maximum fine RECO can levy against an agent is $25,000.
New episodes are followed by after show, "The Talking Dead."
今天上午，教皇方濟各在聖瑪爾塔會見了馬克·扎克伯格及其妻子。
One doesn't know in which way both dramatists would have worked together.
That's not what we need in our country, folks.
許多FSLN的支持者已經在維多利亞廣場上慶祝他們的勝利了。
但是，在波蘭放棄社會主義制度之前，公眾未能了解她在戰時的抵抗鬥爭和人道主義工作。
Whatever the rules were, the fights often resulted in the death of one of the stallions.
Maybe the dress code was too stuffy.
人們一定會懷念他為納稅人找到答案的能力。
在他們之間的是聖彼得聖保羅修道院教堂的舊迴廊。
Let’s just say he’s wrong.
"Norman is one of my good buddies, so it totally sucked to see him in that emotional state."
密碼方面我都遇上麻煩。
那時已經結束了自己的政期的Curio親自將龐培的行動告訴了凱撒。
RHS收集了在實驗中的學生和老師們發來的意見。
Doss’s story also has an unlikely quality to it that makes it all the more appealing.
但是，當針對克林頓作為第一夫人的批評變得更加刻薄時，卡雷爾變得更加善解人意。
With 71 goals in 137 international matches, he has shot a record number of goals for the DFB.
這篇短文以《水下世界》的名字出版，生動地講述了一個在海床上進行的旅程。
This brought the book to the attention of the chemical industry and its lobbyists, as well as a wide swath of the American populace.
Christopher Columbus sailed across the Atlantic Ocean to the West Indies in 1492, sparking a period of European exploration of the Americas.
Only 50 were marketplaces.
希拉里向來以鷹派傾向著稱，但這將會在美國厭戰民意之下有所削減。
The latter date can only have fallen on a Friday if an exceptional leap month had been introduced that year, but this was favoured by Newton.
從20世紀60年代初就定居下來的伊斯蘭市民主要來自土耳其。
The Russian Empire was an agglomeration of diverse ethnicities that had shown significant signs of disunity in the years before the First World War.
西格爾提出在首都貝爾格萊德開辦一所武術學校後，於今年較早時候被授予塞爾維亞國籍。
由於對殺戮的某種強烈慾望，克頓的黑暗行為並沒有發生。
In the case of the imperial family, it is considered extremely inappropriate to use the given name.
Two of the most notable Mediterranean civilisations in classical antiquity were the Greek city states and the Phoenicians, both of which extensively colonised the coastlines of the Mediterranean.
A Harley-Davidson spokeswoman said timelines that have been floated in the media -- 2017 or 2020 -- aren't accurate.
硫是一種能使植物健康成長的重要養分，但英國的土壤中本來就缺少這種重要的礦物元素。
So it's wonderful to be able to rescue that and bring it to a new format and a new tradition for Mexicans.
Disney also found out that Universal owned the intellectual property rights to Oswald.
Prior to taking office Jokowi sought for outgoing President Yudhoyono to take responsibility for the decision to further increase fuel prices by further removing subsidies.
在印度人眼中，人因年老而死是一件值得慶祝的事。
在佛羅里達的集結待命區，它所依賴的志願軍和國民警衛部隊面臨著運輸、訓練和糧食的問題。
The traces of blood on the clothes were in the shape that they were reported to have by the news reports on the day of the murder.
But the impact of Hispania in the newcomers was also big.
隨著希臘向西邊的西西里島及意大利（皮特庫賽以及庫邁）殖民，希臘字母的影響越來越廣。
但他們至少能設置傻子陷阱來迷惑、威懾對方——此概念叫做“積極防衛”。
這跟在第二次世界大戰戰末沒有被摧毀的市中心少數建築之一有關。
The latter also spread Islam to the coastal belt, but most Bantu never had contact with Islam and remained African Traditional Religion adherents.
As the movie makes clear, the Lovings -- and Richard in particular -- were reluctant participants in history.
德國Obermarsberg具有歷史性的市政廳建於13世紀，並在三十年戰爭後進行了修補。
但是在她和她與其它人的行為當中並沒有顯然藝術性的東西。
A variety of Germanic and major Slavic tribes crossed through Moravia during the Migration Period before Slavs established themselves in the 6th century AD.
Also being exhibited for the first time are British Ministry of Defence maps which imagine cold war battles and which were used in military college exams.
她說，購買和穿戴別人“身體部位”的想法仍舊讓人感覺到‘噁心’。
在平壤，我確實看到有些人在使用智能手機，但是人數很少。
The origin of the word Hispania is much disputed and the evidence for the various speculations are based merely upon what are at best mere resemblances, likely to be accidental, and suspect supporting evidence.
Many people, including Indigenous groups, argue they trivialize First Nations culture.
如果一個土耳其員工辭職，那麼土耳其的工作委員會就會來處理此事。
Low per capita income has been proposed as a cause for grievance, prompting armed rebellion.
迪斯尼再一次獲得了奧斯卡終身成就獎，該獎項由一座大金人和七座小金人組成。
這意味著他們不能像海外資產一樣從英鎊貶值這一事件中獲利。
通常由於地點偏遠、交通不便，這些不是十分受歡迎。
就職之前，佐科維希望即將離任的總統尤多約夫承擔責任，作出通過進一步減少補助來提高油價的決定。
Is series two working so far?
兩年後，31歲的朱婷（Jutting）到香港最高法庭受審，她被指控兩起謀殺罪和一起擾亂合法葬禮罪。
然後就有一些所謂的真實故事被發表在一系列下配文字又有意思的圖片之間。
The area controlled by the Bogd Khaan was approximately that of the former Outer Mongolia during the Qing period.
Martin has yet to finish two of the remaining books in his acclaimed series, currently billed as "The Winds of Winter" and "A Dream of Spring."
Habitat destruction vastly increases an area's vulnerability to natural disasters like flood and drought, crop failure, spread of disease, and water contamination.
Kesha and Pebe co-wrote the song "Stephen" together when Kesha was 16, Kesha then tracked down David Gamson, a producer that she admired, from Scritti Politti who agreed to produce the song.
Winstone was declared bankrupt on 4 October 1988 and again on 19 March 1993.
他們的女兒西西莉嫁給了約克公爵三世理查·金雀花，生了包括愛德華四世和理查三世在內的幾個孩子，喬於是成為了英國兩位約克公爵的祖母。
The guide is problematic, firstly because it has been developed "in the context of a state of emergency".
契丹人進行了數次挑釁性的談判，要求把他們的邊界向南推進，同時操縱數位不稱職的中國大使，讓他們對遼國的要求作出讓步。
He also built and renovated five traditional markets in 2013 and four traditional markets in 2014.
The second Apulian and Calabrian Royal Region was then established, also including Samnium, parts of Molise and the oriental Basilicata.
他曾在BBC工作過十年。
但是，如果英國法被接受的話，路易十世、菲利普五世、卡洛斯四世的女兒們的繼承順位，就比她們的姨媽法蘭西的伊莎貝拉的更靠前了。
日耳曼路易入侵了摩拉維亞，並讓其侄子Rastiz取代了莫伊米爾一世的王位，Rastiz後被稱為聖羅斯季斯拉夫(St. Rastislav)。
許多有關他們的Facebook緬懷帖中都有這一行讓克里斯欣喜的話：“我沒有見過有人比你更有資格做非洲人。”
In its scope it belongs to the most far-reaching cultures of the time, in which many sites are known.
During the family's years in Kentucky and Indiana, Thomas Lincoln worked as a farmer, cabinetmaker, and carpenter.
The censorship disposed of all undesirable opinions; participation in public life had become practically impossible.
不論是私下還是公開，施普林格一直積極尋求與猶太人和解並為此去過很多次以色列。
With the help of debit card data, the Essen police are investigating four people who stood by and watched while a retiree died in a bank.
另一方面，外部的歷史包括西班牙語使用者的歷史、他們的歷史變遷和復興以及西班牙語的社會運用。
Since the 1960s, the city's economy has been in steep decline.
The high altitude serves to cool the climate, which would otherwise be very hot.
因為系列1不再是舊款，所以很多用戶可以省100歐元。
In the Endurance expedition in 1914, the British ship Endurance, captained by Sir Ernest Shackleton, set sail with twenty eight men to cross the Antarctic.
1991年到1997年之間，她為患有學習障礙的兒童開設了一所學校。
照片中明顯能看到謠言預測中那個處於鍵盤上方的那條窄窄的觸控顯示屏條。
如果他們這樣做了，那麼有獎債券獎與其他普通儲蓄賬戶將沒有任何區別。
The Bergeron classification is the most widely accepted form of air mass classification.
條約開放了新的貿易港口，同時允許外國人在中國內地旅行。
她的所言所行，簡直令人難以置信。
Emphasis, fine irony, blunt innuendos and other well used verbal devices fit into parliamentary oratory, but flicking at each other and slapstick comedy do not.
超過500座水電站利用了河流的水資源，可產生多達2900千瓦的電力。
In 833 AD, this became the state of Great Moravia with the conquest of the Principality of Nitra (present-day Slovakia).
北京的此次干預，有可能是自1997年香港從英國回歸以來最影響深遠的一次。
The Khitans had made several aggressive negotiations of pushing their borders south, while manipulating several incompetent Chinese ambassadors who conceded to the Liao Kingdom's demands.
1992年，該區以前木偶劇場的場地剩了下來，現已被演員和員工接管。
He seems to have wished for the Senate and the state to simply act without him and his direct orders were rather vague, inspiring debate more on what he actually meant than on passing his legislation.
系列小說《雲雀》的另一主題是預測現代信息技術。
Northern Algeria is in the temperate zone and enjoys a mild, Mediterranean climate.
加拿大飛機墜毀事件的調查者拉里萬斯（Larry Vance）告訴《明鏡周刊》（SPIEGEL），他確信其中一名駕駛員試圖讓飛機在海上迫降——以便讓飛機沉入海底。
澳大利亞專家調查了被沖上東非坦桑尼亞海岸的波音飛機的著陸襟翼，並從中得出了新結論。
他也可以等到他的第一個任期結束時，運用巴黎協定中的條款退出協議。
所以，很多人會快速地打開電子郵件或者盲目點開鏈接和附件，根本沒想過其後果。
英國乃至全世界都缺少擁有開發有效防御所需的技能的人才。
希拉里的巨額銀行帳戶使政府支出的突破了新上限。
法國把喀麥隆的經濟與法國經濟融為一體，利用資金投資和熟練工人提升基礎設施，調節勞動力系統。
The atmosphere is a chaotic system, so small changes to one part of the system can grow to have large effects on the system as a whole.
對於離開這個地方的原因，大家有很多不同的理解。
Each poem narrates only a part of the war.
He worked on the news and current affairs side of radio and TV for decades.
在歐洲人來到這之前，有數個本地民族在阿拉斯加生活了數千年。
就像大多數南歐的地點一樣，該研究可追溯到早至公元前5世紀。
Catherine of Russia was also very satisfied.
這些人是誰？
該事件發生在巴黎，它使本來就已經因為麵包價格持續高漲及缺少供應而感到失望的人們更加沮喪。
在他的管理下，女性獲得了投票權，政治黨派得到了合法化，被流放的人得以歸家，政治迫害犯也被釋放了。
Republican economists caution against taking this data as proof that their party is lousy at economic policy.
他們被拉迪亞德吉湖區的美深深打動，以至於他們的第一個孩子出生時，以它來作為新生兒名字。
The consumer can boost the demand for change.
With the fall of the Qing dynasty in 1911, Mongolia under the Bogd Khaan declared independence.
但是，誰能挑剔格倫達（Glenda）的精彩表現？
The charter allowed for the creation of a merchants' guild, run by the town's burgesses to tax people passing through the borough.
十月初，俄國宣布合同暫停。
她也利用了她與許多政府科學家的私人關係，讓他們為她提供機密信息。
“Complete neglect of his own health,” his wife, Alice, reported.
And what about the parties in what, in historical rights?
Having enjoyed a career peak at home in Australia, Geyer returned to live in Los Angeles in 1984 to concentrate on breaking into the musical scene there.
I spotted a few.
First one of the Yazidi women started crying, then one of her friends.
該法律規定了很多能使協議再次生效的條件：美國必須從那些2000年後加入北約的國家中撤出所有軍隊，撤銷對俄國的所有製裁，並賠償實行這些制裁期間產生的損失。
此時，她的投資人極度奢華的花費和一系列錯誤的投資，使得她幾乎破產。
The reason for advertising the video in Germany is unclear.
在過去的五十年中，農業用地附近的棲息地破壞已導致全球農業用地減少約40%，主要的原因有土地侵蝕、鹽漬化、土地壓緊、養分枯竭、污染和城鎮化。
該公司向BBC表示，是否向乘客收取使用費，應該由航空公司自行決定。
Adidas is helping to clean up the Earth's oceans by using the waste floating around the world to make shoes.
歐洲的主要河流均來自瑞士，例如萊茵河、羅訥河、茵河、提契諾河和寶河，所有河流均有源頭來自阿爾卑斯山脈。
And, of course, there's Bob, a constant source of entertainment.
赫爾茨心裡有激烈的思想鬥爭，一面是對取得文學生涯成功的渴望，一面是成為公眾人物的期待。
North America and South America are treated as separate continents in the seven-continent model.
Wright was born in Poole, Dorset, but grew up predominantly in Wells, Somerset.
換言之，如果年輕的男性（他們是內戰參戰者的主要組成部分）有接受教育，或擁有滿意的薪資，並能合理地假設他們未來會獲得成功，那麼他們參與叛亂的機率會降低。
The study interpreted these three factors as proxies for earnings forgone by rebellion, and therefore that lower forgone earnings encourage rebellion.
On this, one diary point in Morocco will be the middle Saturday, when developed countries get to publicly question each other about their plans and ambitions.
這裡於1975年被宣佈為野生動物保護區。
有關該城市的最古老歷史資料是在凱爾奈克圖特摩斯聖殿中一處有關被征服地點的碑文中發現的。
奧斯本先生在七月被解僱後，與一個美國音箱代理機構簽訂了協議。
在電影《愛侶》中，理查德（Richard）和米爾德里德（Mildred）開始就已經是一對情侶了，電影省略了本會看起來很有趣的求婚，即使非常簡短。
This means that they have not benefited from the uplift that the fall in sterling has given to overseas assets.
By mid-1962, Brooks and Carson had largely finished the editing, and were laying the groundwork for promoting the book by sending the manuscript out to select individuals for final suggestions.
“So I hate to put a little pressure on you, but the fate of the republic rests on your shoulders,” he told the crowd gathered on a sports field at the University of North Carolina.
騎士李維被釋放，他的追隨者則被投入倫敦塔。
這套系統是如此的成功，以至於在戰後部隊還繼續使用這項技術，有些國家甚至在20世紀80年代仍在使用。
The historical city hall in Obermarsberg originates from the 13th century and was refurbished after the Thirty Years' War.
奧斯曼帝國和俄國想在黑海保留他們的戰艦，但這一想法遭到拒絕。
From this point of view, stale structures and a self-satisfied elite are the reason why the health system, education and foreign trade in the USA is in such bad shape.
The total for performance pay and bonus that year was $1.5 million, about the same level as for 2015-2016.
她最新紀實小說是關於論諾克斯的女伯爵瑪格麗特·道格拉斯的。
Companies may try to set up a firewall between sensitive systems and foreign powers, but it does not always work.
遊戲與我們的日常生活有相似之處。
阿爾及利亞北部地處溫帶，享有溫和的地中海氣候。
The hit song is "Geronimo" by Sheppard.
最後，你會更清楚地聽到下一個噪音，使你更煩躁。
Microsoft announced on Wednesday a new workplace chat tool poised to take on industry darling Slack.
可能這就是為什麼當飛逝的時間揭示了他的成果，揭示了他對結合水的秘密的發現時，洶湧的眼淚模糊了他的眼睛。
As the hysteria of the 2016 Presidential election intensifies, a more troubling threat than bullshit preoccupies Karel.
我不會輕易地稱之為野獸。
After all, the internet is not a luxury; it is an essential tool.
隨著風的穩定吹拂，位於裸露地表的細微顆粒開始顫動。
The Industrial Revolution took place in Great Britain earlier than in any other country.
A Donald Trump victory would immediately make the world more worrying and unsettled than it already is.
克里斯托弗·哥倫佈於1492年揚帆穿過大西洋，來到了西印度群島，掀起了歐洲人探索美洲的熱潮期。
Its struggle against the Ottoman Empire in the Mediterranean Sea put serious limits on the military power it could deploy against the rebels in the Netherlands.
The Force Ouvrière union regrets that its remarks on the content of the guide were not included: "There wasn't really any consultation," said Ms. Gillard.
He was utterly gracious and took it like a man, I am beyond furious.
嚴冬來臨時，丹內維爾克和胡蘇姆之間的施萊灣和濕地形成了凍土，丹內維爾克南部緊鄰的土地已被前進的德國軍隊攻占。
美國當前總統候選人希拉里·克林頓（Hillary Clinton）的丈夫在他當總統的最後一天，也就是2001年1月20日，赦免了很多人，包括馬克·里奇（MarcRich）。
Several analysts have suggested Huawei is best placed to benefit from Samsung's setback.
Seagal made headlines when he described Russia's actions in Crimea, which it annexed in 2014, as "very reasonable".
Claret伯爵是政府中唯一一位有貴族頭銜的人。
在降雨期間，液滴從周圍的空氣中吸收並分解二氧化碳。
A sacrococcygeal teratoma is a tumour that develops before birth and grows from a baby's tailbone.
The move highlighted the company's desire for users to start thinking of its products as more than just productivity tools.
與10月28日的那次不同，科密先生的這封信幾乎沒有被評論過。
He believes that nobody waiting for us waits for us.
羅娜發明了一種更好的製備釙源和產生α射線的方法。
除了他們以外，黨內不是所有人都能理解昨天總統想要傳達給他們的信息。
Conservationists welcomed the commission’s announcement.
亞洲良好的形勢使股市價格立即上漲。
Grafton's government disintegrated in 1770, allowing the Tories led by Lord North to return to power.
不過這也導致重型火砲關鍵部件被遺棄，而關於為何當時通往弗倫斯堡的鐵路未被妥善利用的疑問也一直是一個歷史議題。
It is the portion from this second boundary up to the outer boundary, the imaginary line that connects the lighthouse landmark at Punta del Este to the lighthouse landmark at Punta Rasa.
“Celtic Sea cod could collapse,” without the proposed limits, one EU official said.
It’s fair to say that Rocco Catalano works, lives and breathes retro.
The Egyptian pharaoh thus found himself in northern Amurru, well past Kadesh, in Tunip, where no Egyptian soldier had been seen since the time of Thutmose III almost 120 years earlier.
Two Australians, who by their own admission are terrible golfers, bluffed their way into a premier golf tournament in North Korea.
What she’s saying and what she’s doing, it — actually, it’s unbelievable.
That's what keeps us coming back for more.
Naturally China will be presenting plenty of other military hardware this week from attack helicopters to seaplanes.
另外四個標記分別給出了在夏季和冬季時，滿月的最小和最大傾斜角。
強調、諷刺、暗諷以及其他巧妙的口頭修辭手法十分適合議會演講，但是互相調笑和表演鬧劇就不大適合了。
The "recent events" are likely to be the attacks of 21 October that briefly took down popular websites such as Reddit, Twitter and Spotify as well as many others.
He is credited with helping efforts to tackle the mountain of debt accumulated by local governments in China.
According to a genetic study on autosomal data on Roma the source of Southasian Ancestry in Roma is North-West India.
Their revivals underscore the appeal of a good challenge, artistic or otherwise: discomfort, growth, and a meaningful connection.
The exact year of the marriage of Herod Antipas and Herodias is subject to debate among scholars.
沈括作為官府代理人的管理技巧和能力很快得到了王安石的賞識。
Celebrities, fans and even CNN reporters are dressing up like "Stranger Things" characters this holiday.
In the town of Hillsborough, just outside Chapel Hill, someone firebombed the Republican Party headquarters last month.
去年是不可思議的一年，我已經準備好我們在2017年更好地回歸。
對自由的保障保證了能化解公共內部的緊張關係，把帝國轉變為更和諧的地方。
London’s landmark South Bank Tower commissioned interior designer Rachel Winham to design the show apartment.
在低處，有三棵棕櫚樹俯瞰大海，代表著島民對他們的小島的熱愛。
在安第斯山脈形成之前，南美洲西部邊緣已經發生過好幾次造山運動。
It will go for assessment.
"ETA is on its way out," the French contingent revealed.
The newspaper "Die ZEIT" first inquired with the real estate business about its dubious cash flows and the threat of insolvency in July.
Donald Trump is a pompous, arrogant, entitled person that cares about himself, and his temperament is toxic to the United States.
這不是我們的國家所需要的，兄弟們。
賴特出生於多塞特郡的普爾市，但在薩默塞特郡的威爾斯市長大。
聯邦政府和州政府把保護國家級自然遺產列為國家的首要任務並從2005年起就開始把這一點寫在聯盟合同里，這不足為奇。
Wright has a brother, Oscar, who is a comic book artist, contributing storyboards, conceptual art and promotional pictures for Edgar's films.
她的呼聲傳遍了世界，Leive說。
Its police includes a special unit which operates patrol and surveillance boats.
The Australian experts drew new conclusions from the investigation of a landing flap from Boeing that had washed up in Tanzania in East Africa.
迪希邦登堡修道院被解散，後因宗教改革而變為廢墟。
2013年的休假期間，她去了蒙特利爾的加拿大電視台擔任天氣預報節目嘉賓主持人。
三島的祖母是德川家康的直系後代。
隨著人口的增長，新的土著居住區也隨之出現。
Valentino tried to distance the character from a stereotypical portrayal of an Arab man.
他對匈牙利施壓的最後一個方法是實行自由大選。
Under his administration, the female vote was approved, political parties were legalised, all of the exiled were allowed to return and the remaining political prisoners were freed.
In January 2011, Blunt began filming an American science-fiction film, Looper, directed by Rian Johnson and co-starring Bruce Willis and Joseph Gordon-Levitt; the film was released in September 2012.
比如墨西哥下加利福尼亞州離岸的小島嶼就屬於沙漠荒島。
我們回到火車上，繼續向南走。
"Unfortunately once again the few ruin it for the many," wrote Jesse LaBrocca, founder of Hack Forums, in a message explaining why the section was being closed.
To draw a game you have dominated is easy to brush off, but to do so three times is a row suggests a weakness.
它是在嬰兒中發現的最常見的腫瘤，發生率為35000分之一。
同時，香港似乎正在防備下一波的抗議。
This morning, Pope Francis met Mark Zuckerberg and his wife at Casa Santa Marta.
A keen guitarist, he played a concert there the same year.
這是阿拉斯加僅有的一個冬季白天平均最高溫度高於冰點的區域。
He has got that hard edge to his game but also the soft hands.
但是，只有在美國國家環境保護局就該問題向全世界提出警告後，它才浮出水面。
研究人員付出了約20年的努力研究發展男性激素避孕藥的潛力。
The system was simple, direct, and worked well, even with previously untrained pilots.
For the first time in the last six years the rate of unemployment has dropped below 20%, and there are already 600,000 more people employed than there were a year ago.
柏拉圖認為，將權力授予精心培育的守護者們安全得多。
Granite islands include Seychelles and Tioman and volcanic islands such as Saint Helena.
對峙時，她脖子前伸，青筋暴起，手不斷抖動。
那確實很可怕。
難以想像意大利擁有的地鐵里程竟然少於馬德里。
Christian churches in northwestern Europe and Ukraine often used willow branches in place of palms in the ceremonies on Palm Sunday.
曾發揮出個人最高水平，把比賽打成平局並成功挺進決定性一局的伊斯內爾（Isner）也向其致敬。
Oil, gold or food products, such as wheat, are natural resources, in which investors invest billions worldwide.
法國工人力量總工會對手冊中沒有涵蓋他們的意見表示遺憾，吉拉德女士說：“根本沒有諮詢我們的意見。”
Tradition has it that the theme was selected intentionally because of the great number of converted Jews who lived in Palma.
雪人沒有去想任何關於強尼·卡森（Johnny Carson）的事，只是拿了一個梯凳，坐回到他面前，他補充道。
數十年來，他一直在從事廣播和電視的新聞及時事工作。
再也不會倒退回七十年代，短絨——加一個外層在表面是重要的——又再次流行起來。
Before the Andes were formed, the western margin of South America had already been the site of several orogenies.
他不斷出現在我的穀倉裡，我跟那人開玩笑說，很明顯他不想被賣掉。
In 1928, a 90-hectare golf course was built in the north-eastern part of the park, next to the racetrack.
多斯（Doss）故事的另一個令人難以置信的特點，使其更有吸引力。
Three markings locate sunrise at the summer and winter solstices and at the two equinoxes.
此次選舉中，北卡羅來納州（North Carolina）的投票數達到有史以來最低。
They are at the national average in grade 4 and better than national average in grade 8.
It was August 30, 2015, as an army of ducks conquered the internet.
但是，它的管理一直飽受批評。
他們還有一道裂痕需要彌補，那就是擊敗英格蘭。
Philip next marched against his southern enemies.
Their first king was Mojmír I (ruled 830–846).
艾達（Dündar）警告歐洲說不要對埃爾多安（Erdogan）的行為表示出過多的理解。
Like fjords, freshwater lakes are often deep.
Drop the mic.
與此同時，他保民官的職位也被馬克·安東尼霸占，他霸占此職位直到12月。
但北愛爾蘭、英格蘭和威爾士之間在法律和程序上存在重要的差異。
第一次世界大戰帶來了殖民政治的轉變和新發展。
He recovered and was released from the hospital on April 11, becoming the first serving U.S. president to survive being shot in an assassination attempt.
這樣做的目的是在無法計算實際路途時間的情況下，在將它從實際完成的工作時間中扣除後仍然把路途時間考慮進去。
The feasibility study estimates that it would take passengers about four minutes to cross the Potomac River on the gondola.
大眾汽車欺詐的新聞（已持續多年），使該公司損失了數百億歐元，首席執行官馬丁·溫特科恩（Martin Winterkorn）也因此丟了工作。
Throughout the war, Pearl Harbor was frequently used in American propaganda.
"In the cities where we've launched or are under construction, our work will continue," Barratt said.
After I discovered a rich seam of internet discussion on the subject, my list had grown inordinately long and covered almost every state in the union.
他告訴來自BBC的安德魯·馬（Andrew Marr Show）說：“坦白來說，大選是政府最不希望看到的事情。”
The current arrests are "a continuation of the shenanigans against us," said Dündar.
Between 1991 and 1997, she ran a school for children with learning disabilities.
這個地區內部起伏突然，不同區域之間沒明顯的分隔。
The Canadian investigator of the plane crash Larry Vance told SPIEGEL that he is convinced that one of the pilots had intended to land the machine on the ocean surface - so that it would sink.
It is a political process and I have decided not to be present, so it was said.
Back in Lahore, some thirty-nine stories appeared in the Gazette between November 1886 and June 1887.
2010年大選中，工黨能贏得了所有七個選區的選票。
我喜歡把玩，一直在尋找對的靈感，因為當我為對的靈感創作一個系列時，我覺得非常有趣。
On March 10, 1896, Herzl was visited by Reverend William Hechler, the Anglican minister to the British Embassy.
來自貝登和烏夏克吞地區的數據證實，這些地點符合瑪雅低地地區的文化發展特徵。
由於顧客一直保持著樂觀的態度，零售和批發方面的業務不斷擴展，消費者服務公司也不斷增加。
還可以選擇通過平台發送表情、動態圖、定制的迷因和貼紙，並連接到你的推特簡訊上。
大部分的現代觀眾在前線作戰方面都缺乏經驗，對他們來說，多斯的功績令人難以想像。
In Pyongyang I did see some people on their smartphones, but far fewer.
在頭個世紀的發展中，西班牙對該地區的控制不存在爭議。
The Great Powers did not fulfill the requests for recognition of Albania.
The Canaanite city was destroyed in a fire, presumably in the wake of a campaign by the Egyptian pharaoh Thutmose III.
這是在前部長決定退黨之後寫在一張給西雅那銀行的通知上的信息。
西蒙（Simon Krätschmer）在破舊、危險的軍營中獨自探索。
目前來說，奧恩（Aoun）和哈里裡（Hariri）之間的交易使這兩個敵對派系變的更親密。
Clinton and allies, meanwhile, are seeking to keep the spotlight on Trump, charging that his disparaging comments about women and minorities, and his temperament make him unfit for office.
This time it reached him, but he refused to believe that she no longer wanted to be married to him.
一般它們也不會發生災難性的爆炸。
時任布里斯班大市長的Sallyanne Atkinson宣布1987年是“河流保護年”。
A small town with two minarets glides by.
Furthermore, the Government will have to deal with another "hot potato".
高加索山脈北部區域亦可稱為內高加索地區(Ciscaucasus)，而南部區域可稱為外高加索地區(Transcaucasus)。
Likely the most well-known person from the Copper Age is Ötzi, the frozen mummy who lived during 3300 BC.
我發現了幾個。
There has, however, been extensive statistical analysis of demographic and population data which includes women, especially in their childbearing roles.
Who can stop this Australia side?
《真的真的很愛你》8月發布，打入了前50；相關單曲《立足點》九月發布，但蓋耶已經到了美國。
在那些時代中，它為數個社區的貿易、殖民、戰爭乃至（來自捕魚以及海產採集的）食品提供了通道。
鐵是人體生產血紅蛋白所必須的元素，紅細胞中的蛋白質負責將氧氣傳送給身體中的各個組織。
梅爾里斯說，醫生沒有這些工具，他們只有處方箋和疫苗。
The issuing of coinage is predominantly numismatic in nature, with the intention of being sold mainly to collectors.
該分析顯示了在一生中吸煙的總數和腫瘤DNA突變的數目之間的直接聯繫。
“當我扮演他時，我感受到了權利”，唐納德·特朗普的扮演者John Di Domenico在去年對Slate解釋說。
當然，結果並沒那麼絕妙。
他還表示，克萊恩沉默寡言，不合作且不情願走出牢房出席法院的聽證會。
在六十年代中期，她開始在《馬拉／薩德》（Marat / Sade）這部電影中扮演精神病病人。
Investors are selling out of government bonds, with U.S. and Australian bonds feeling the biggest impact.
“We are actively thinking of possible ways to limit the scope of litigation to only those with a real standing in a project,” he was quoted as saying.
It was foretold that he would either die of old age after an uneventful life, or die young in a battlefield and gain immortality through poetry.
Eventually, in about 512-511 BC, the Macedonian king Amyntas I accepted the Achaemenid domination and surrendered his country as a vassal state to the Achaemenid Persia.
當時，瑪塞爾經常一個人呆在房間裡，皮雅芙和莫墨則在街上閒逛或在酒吧唱歌。
After all, our organizational performance is seldom measured in terms of how safe we are or how many rules we follow.
加勒比海直到1492年才被歐亞大陸所知，當時克里斯托弗·哥倫布正在尋找海路前往亞洲，並首次駛入了加勒比海域。
A major report in January said oceans would contain more plastic than fish by 2050 unless the world took radical action to stop rubbish leaking into the seas.
He also remarked that "the existence of such a document could lead to consequences that are as likely as they are unacceptable".
在美國公民自由聯盟的幫助下，他們最終挑戰了該州，最後將該案打到了美國的最高法庭。
這些植物科屬依然存在於巴布亞新幾內亞。
阿馬爾奈文書可追溯至公元前14世紀，其中包括了來自基色城的國王向埃及法老效忠的十封信件。
如峽灣一樣，淡水湖通常較深。
根據基督教的信仰，基督最後安息的地方是一個嵌入石灰岩的墳墓。
代表安大略省的房地產經紀人協會表示，還需要做更多的工作來保障消費者並懲罰參與不道德行為的代理商。
在德國宣傳該視頻的原因並不明確。
布洛克堅定地認為希望才是馬克思主義的指導方針，同時還強調根植於神秘傳統中的人文內涵。
隨後，逛早市（6.30-10am）：米棒棒糖，黃蜂繭（人們普遍認為蛹很美味），水牛肺，檳榔樹樹皮和葉，活蟾蜍和鯰魚。
希律安提帕斯與希羅底的準確結婚年份仍是學者爭論的話題。
The issue might not be over for Barroso.
法國大革命之後，在第一次反法同盟戰爭中，一位年輕的科西嘉砲兵軍官嶄露頭角，他就是拿破崙·波拿巴。
是有可能在兩千年前的某一天確定了月相的，但若有云層或煙霧遮擋的話則行不通。
One of their many grieving Facebook posts has a line which would have delighted Chris: “More African than you, I have not known.”
阿契美尼德軍隊征服了色雷斯、希臘的沿海城市以及培奧尼亞人。
“他完全忽視了自己的健康”他的妻子愛麗絲說道。
For the time being, the deal between Aoun and Hariri has brought the two enemy factions closer together.
Not all transformations in the region have been successful.
Thai birth certificates record the date, month and time of birth, followed by the day of the week, lunar date, and the applicable zodiac animal name.
Global warming has caused a change in the pattern of the rainy seasons.
The world – and by extension the UK – is facing a shortage of people with the skills needed to mount an effective defence.
That is because each and every miracle and each specialized district occupies an entire field.
澳大利亞經過近期在橄欖球錦標賽上的比賽後，變得戰意高昂。
國防部長允許她暫時繼續擔任秘書長。
幸運的是，當時索尼澳大利亞有人覺得"嘿，順便說一下，你們注意到這一點嗎？"鮑爾說。
In 2007 the most successful film was El Greco, directed by Yannis Smaragdis.
一月的一份重要報告顯示，除非全世界共同採取根本性措施，阻止將垃圾排入海洋，否則到了2050年，海裡的塑料可能比魚還多。
我們不能讓唐納·川普這種種族主義者、性別歧視者成為總統，做總指揮的話，他極其不合格。
The severity and the presence of the revolution in the countryside alarmed the Court and National Assembly in Versailles.
In 1856, the Second Opium War broke out; the Chinese were again defeated and forced to the terms of the 1858 Treaty of Tientsin and the 1860 Convention of Peking.
Examples are the Line Islands in the Pacific and the Maldives in the Indian Ocean.
全國對於堪薩斯州事件的反應說明了這個國家的分化現像是多麼嚴重。
為了徹底從中逃離，Remy一家1947年夏天大部分時間都居住在瑞士。
The photo clearly shows the narrow touch display bar above the keyboard that has been anticipated in rumors.
截至1563年，威尼斯的人口降到了大約16萬8千人。
只有50個是購物平台。
Alcoholic drinks like beer, mead, bjórr (a strong fruit wine) and, for the rich, imported wine, were served.
在澳洲網球公開賽上引發轟動之後，這位28歲的參賽者首次被小威廉姆斯（Serena Williams）在半決賽中擊敗。
喬治極度虔誠，花費數個小時來祈禱，但是他的兄弟們並沒有被他的虔誠所感染。
此前，只有博客撰稿人見過這些噴氣機。
在1867年簽訂奧匈妥協協約後，奧地利皇帝兼匈牙利國王弗朗茨·約瑟夫一世非常注重在兩國平等實施君主制。
Two measure the lengths of lunar months.
Besides being a direct source of food, certain animals could provide leather, wool, hides, and fertilizer.
Corrado Passera withdraws the offer for Mps due to "the attitude of total closure that the Bank has shown to us".
在這個假期，很多名人、粉絲甚至CNN的記者都穿戴得像《怪奇物語》裡面的人物一樣。
Gomery, who led the commission of inquiry into the federal sponsorship scandal between 2004 and 2006, said such bodies are essential to help restore public confidence in the rule of law.
Mate 9手機缺少一個像谷歌助手或蘋果的Siri那樣的人工智能界面。
Water from the rivers is used in over 500 hydroelectricity power plants, generating as much as 2900 kilowatts of electricity.
這些島嶼位於印澳板塊斷層上；板塊斷層是由於印度板塊和澳大利亞板塊碰撞導致的。
在接下來的一集中，史達林接替了編劇的角色，開始設計以邪惡薩諾斯為主角的故事，這些故事其後出現在漫威系列接下來的多集之中。
在這條信息裡，前司法部部長譴責布里斯·奧爾特弗是一個“法西斯分子”、“愚蠢內政部長”和一個”暴徒“。
後世的劇作家、史學家和其他知識分子會以特洛伊戰爭為原型進行作品創作。
The executives also received so-called "performance pay" for succeeding or surpassing expectations, sharing a pot of $1.5 million among them, or an estimated $15,000 each on average.
大氣層是一個混沌的系統，所以系統中某部分的微小變化會給整個系統帶來很大影響。
I don't know why I chose her ...
儘管並不能解決衝突，法國在馬倫哥戰役中的勝利迫使澳大利亞人第二次放棄了意大利。
Some Christian scholars criticize Tolle's teachings, while others praise them.
Enough of those, in a highly contested area, will lead to chaos election day.
理論上，如果做的對的話，就檢測不到。
她跟《CNN時尚》（CNN Style）談了自己的經歷。
In addition, he strengthened defenses between Egypt and Asia, building the Walls of the Ruler in the East Delta region.
在現場發現的祭祀遺跡由一排十座被稱為立石的高大石碑組成，立石為南北走向，最高一座高3米，石群中央有一個祭壇和一個巨大的方形石製水池。
有人曾預計，在七月緊接英國脫歐公投之後，業務會開始收縮，但其實業務最後成功地保持穩步增長。
Things started to change in October 1777 when British forces under the command of General John Burgoyne surrendered in Saratoga in the north of the state of New York.
Literacy had been lost and Mycenaean script forgotten, but the Greeks adopted the Phoenician alphabet, modifying it to create the Greek alphabet.
The attempts at making peace finally ended in spring of 1415 and Enrique decided to execute his plan: an invasion of the entire Kingdom of France.
Having always been close to the Catholic Union, Tina Anselmi attended particularly to the rights of textile workers and teachers.
之後，廣告結束了。
The Army performed well in combat in Cuba.
The result, then, is hardly the cat's pyjamas.
該城邦與素可泰王朝在同一時期出現。
Land warfare changed from the static front lines of World War I to increased mobility and combined arms.
A significantly higher cost which clearly exceeds the average of the countries that adopt the single currency, which is equal to 1,365 euros per litre.
2002年9月9日，阿特靈被人以接受日本兒童電視節目有關太空的問題的採訪為藉口，引誘前往比佛利山莊酒店。
從20世紀60年代起，該城市的經濟就一直急劇下滑。
最重要的就是最終匯入密西西比河的俄亥俄河。
The hymn was well received and the audience demanded an encore.
在課上，國際社會科學自由大學的學生被告知了一場在羅馬舉辦的會議。
他簡直是太仁慈了，對事件處之泰然，而我實在怒不可遏。
《金瓶梅》於1610年出版，雖然著作整合了過往的材料，但它標誌了邁向獨立寫作的趨勢，表達了對心理學方面的關注。
魔幻時刻至少是從恐怖的風琴奏起時開始的，就像60年代的熱曲《土豆怪獸》（Monster Mash）一樣。
It was followed by the Aviva Investors Multi Strategy Target Return and Income funds, into which investors put £2bn and £1.4bn respectively.
She next faced defending champion and top seed Sara Errani, but was defeated.
I love to play with that and I am always looking for muses that fit that bill because it is so interesting making a collection when I find one.
At the Olympic Games in 2004 in Athens, Ulrich, as winner of the street race, pursued the goal of winning his second gold medal.
But right now everything is out of kilter and he seems to be seeking answers all the time.
People got killed there.
The world may be enraging and absurd – yet at least someone has the self-respect to keep protesting against that fact.
Louis the German invaded Moravia and replaced Mojmír I with his nephew Rastiz who became St. Rastislav.
溫特只出現了一會，並且被拍到在接受采訪前戴上了太陽眼鏡。
What are the limits that could inhibit the expression of religious beliefs in private companies?
也許著裝要求過於沉悶。
如果Nectar卡的持卡人有意在兩到三年內貸款15，001到19，999英鎊，那這3%的利率也同樣適用於他們。
The unions have been very combative and on several occasions have called for the repeal of the legislation that Fátima Báñez is proudest of.
但是，當參議院確鑿無疑地回答了他，禁止他參加領事的角逐，並讓他選擇要么撤回軍隊要么成為人民共同的敵人時，他就明白了不管他怎麼選擇，他都將手無寸鐵地向自己的政治敵人投降。
1856年，第二次鴉片戰爭爆發；中國再次戰敗，被迫接受1858年《天津條約》和1860年《北京條約》。
Today, Khanzir may be a lonely pig, but he isn’t always alone.
Cities such as Milan depend on 80 percent of water from Alpine runoff.
文明已經衰落，邁錫尼的文字也被遺忘，但希臘人沿用了腓尼基字母表，並以此為基礎發明了希臘字母表。
這對受疼痛折磨的病人來說是一場災難，Mailis在周四接受採訪時對CBC新聞說。
Having secured the bordering regions of Macedon, Philip assembled a large Macedonian army and marched deep into Thrace for a long conquering campaign.
His skill in getting answers for taxpayers will be sorely missed.
據信上一次奧運會是在393年舉辦的。
我想和他們一起看，但他們最後還是決定把我排除在外，自己看了。
在你主導的比賽中打平手並不能證明什麼，但如果連著三次都打平手就表明這是你的弱項。
在匆忙抓捕加低斯時，拉美西斯二世犯了重大的戰術錯誤。
In the 1350s, King Gongmin was free at last to reform the Goryeo government when the Yuan dynasty began to crumble.
它有時候看起來像超能力。
共和黨經濟學家告誡不要採用這一數據，來證明他們政黨蹩腳的經濟政策。
在我們那個年代，他們還沒有這些，那些沒有孩子的人通過反對來表達所有他們對現代教育方式的厭惡。
Dominican priest Heinrich Kramer was assistant to the Archbishop of Salzburg.
其中三首歌曲由拉費蒂的兄弟、歌手兼作曲家吉姆共同創作，他於20世紀70年代簽約迪卡唱片公司。
Shaped by global plate tectonic forces that have created the East African Rift, East Africa is the site of Mount Kilimanjaro and Mount Kenya, the two tallest peaks in Africa.
在展覽的每幅地圖都在講述自己的故事，但不全是事實。
魯帕斯堡（Rupertsberg）修道院於1632年在三十年戰爭中被瑞典軍隊摧毀。
選區位於克斯蒂文以北，那裡的選民有62％支持離開歐盟。
Today, expansive ruins can be viewed there.
However, they could not find this same pattern in tissues such as the bladder, which are not directly exposed.
As one of Negan's (Jeffrey Dean Morgan) top guys, he's afforded certain freedoms.
This time he claimed to have fought the battle without even bothering to put on his corslet until two hours after the fighting began.
一些歷史學家，如錢德勒和威勒，認為英國重騎兵在發起第一次偉大的進攻之後，就被視為有生力量而遭消滅了。
從公元前9世紀，逐漸出現了第一批希臘文字。
在如米蘭等城市中，80%的供水來自於阿爾卑斯山的徑流。
沙塵暴是發生在乾旱地區的自然事件，這些土地沒有獲得植被的保護。
Investments in this area were up by 6% in 2015 to $221bn.
According to Parker, Russian Secret Service agents are active in large numbers in Great Britain.
"We do not believe the suspect has ties to this school, or to the two girls, or specifically to the Abbotsford area," she said.
"But architecture can build a bridge between the living and the dead and, to some extent, blur the boundaries."
大約在提前開始投票的兩週後，佛羅里達州已有超過57億的選民投了票。
11月3日星期四，聖戈當（上加龍地區）市長決定暫停於2014年與政府簽訂的城市發展條約。
那是因為每個奇蹟和每個特別規劃區佔據了整個領域。
他還在2013年建造並修葺了五座傳統市場，在2014年建了四座市場。
白吉龍分類法是最廣為接受的氣體質量分類法。
China's insatiable appetite for fried chicken used to be a big reason why investors loved KFC-parent Yum Brands.
自然資源保護主義者接受了委員會的聲明。
這兩個組織提交了上訴，但是在10月12日被最高法院駁回了。
在中國，毛髮通常是放在化學浴徹中底去除角質層，塔爾羅解釋說。
最終，在約公元前512年-511年，馬其頓國王阿閔塔斯一世接受了阿契美尼德的統治，全國投降成為阿契美尼德波斯帝國的附庸國。
隨後他回到了基里繆爾。
It differs from the western portion of the country in that its prominent topographic features do not parallel the coast.
“I don’t know what G.D.P. growth was during the Washington and Lincoln Administrations, but the institutional developments in those terms had large and long-lasting effects.”
After these successes, he signed a contract with Team Telekom and moved in with his girlfriend in Merdingen in Südbaden, where he lived until 2002.
1980年的總統競選在裡根和時任總統吉米·卡特之間進行，當時正值國內危機以及伊朗人質危機的持續發酵。
但是，他的支出能力將會受限，因為政府仍舊有很大的預算赤字。
The Danevirke has remained in German possession ever since.
Only 3000 copies were published of the first edition.
這一小塊釙使羅娜能夠製作實驗室釙樣本，開展研究所接下來的工作。
萊尼一直缺乏女人緣，打著光棍。
Since Emperor Meiji, it has been customary to have one era per Emperor and to rename each Emperor after his death using the name of the era over which he presided.
They didn’t have them in our day, and people without children express through their disapproval all their hatred of modern parenting.
At the beginning of the London conference in December 1912 the ambassadors of all six Great Powers rejected the plan for establishing an independent Albania.
那些歷史權力派的黨派又怎麼樣呢？
But a scan has shown the tumour in Ms Pugh's right lung is growing, and she has had to leave the trial.
不應該因為他們給政治家和政黨提供財務的捐助，而有給予這些個人或組織優先進入政府的權利，或是明顯的進入優先權，指南上這樣寫道。
這次集會原本定在幾個街區之外的H街上華盛頓的私人大都會俱樂部舉行。
In this context, railing against trade makes sense.
I was just a boy with muddy shoes.
On the other hand, external history contains references to the history of Spanish speakers, their historical vicissitudes and the social use of the language.
布朗特出演了2011年的英國喜劇電影《魚躍奇緣》，該電影由萊塞·霍爾斯道姆導演，伊雲·麥葵格和姬絲汀·史葛·湯瑪絲共同出演。
一位目擊者告訴警方，被害人曾在四月襲擊過嫌疑人。
在其中的一集中，他扮演了一名靈巧的吉他手。
她出演了2012年的電影《五年婚約》，該電影由尼古拉斯·斯托勒導演，傑森·西格爾共同出演。
A Bronze Age astronomical observatory was constructed there around 1900 BC and continuously served the nearby community that lived there until about 700 BC.
Lamarr accompanied Mandl to business meetings where he conferred with scientists and other professionals involved in military technology.
On the other hand, a healthy ecosystem with good management practices will reduce the chance of these events happening, or will at least mitigate adverse impacts.
Outside Japan, beginning with Emperor Shōwa, the Emperors are often referred to by their given names, both whilst alive and posthumously.
這個比例多年來一直在穩步上升——根據人口普查局數據顯示，1996年選舉日之前所接收的投票只有總投票額的11%，今年這個數字可能再次激增。
In Pluviose year III (January-February 1794), easing off the pressure of the Reign of Terror, he took various measures to liberate the suspects.
確定最終外貌後，茉莉成為了迪士尼第一個不同於歐洲傳統的非白人公主。
They were primarily on hills.
做Miami Bass音樂的人對扭屁股的藝術並無興趣-他們最關心的事。
解放剛果民主力量同盟叛軍於1997年4月占領了盧本巴希。
我看過摩托車越野賽，看的比賽越多，就越經常看到這個女人的臉，照片上，他們看起來好像是70年代的人。
那一定是安迪（Andy）四月在蒙特卡羅（Monte Carlo）與伯諾瓦·帕爾雷（Benoît Paire）對打時的情景。
The gods represented distinctly the practical needs of daily life, and they were scrupulously accorded the rites and offerings considered proper.
Bananas and plantains, which were first domesticated in Southeast Asia, most likely Papua New Guinea, were re-domesticated in Africa possibly as early as 5,000 years ago.
In later ages playwrights, historians, and other intellectuals would create works inspired by the Trojan War.
在兩個情況下都屬於歐盟首位水平。
Although the area is only about 11 percent of the surface area of Europe, the Alps provide up to 90 percent of water to lowland Europe, particularly to arid areas and during the summer months.
Rafferty released two further albums in the 1990s in what musician Tom Robinson later described as "a major return to form".
Rather than teaching the scientific method as a separate unit, for example, students learn science content by applying it.
如果唐納德特朗普成為總統，這裡的政府仍將要與他一道推進任何現有的共同議程，以確保可以在華盛頓維護加拿大的企業和利益。
The Suez Crisis showed the limits of the old colonial powers such as Great Britain and France in a changing world.
其中一個雅茲迪女人開始哭泣，隨後她的一個朋友也開始哭泣。
In Asia and the Pacific, between 3 million and more than 10 million civilians, mostly Chinese (estimated at 7.5 million), were killed by the Japanese occupation forces.
1928年，在公園東南部的賽道旁邊建了一座90公頃大的高爾夫球場。
節日慶典於1955年4月30日舉行。
It contains a monument to Martin Luther King, Jr.
A UN review of national plans to cut carbon says they are well short of the levels needed to keep the rise in global temperatures under 2C.
The Macedonian eastern border with Thrace was now secured at the river Nestus (Mesta).
Blunt starred in the 2011 British comedy film Salmon Fishing in the Yemen, directed by Lasse Hallström and co-starring Ewan McGregor and Kristin Scott Thomas.
卡爾卡鬆的歷史與其城堡要塞直接相關。
在1933年國社黨的掌權後，各處都想贏回舊殖民地。
Back on the train, we continue southwards.
And, she granted, “you have to look at where she has acknowledged that we need to do something different—we can do better—and where she has expressed regret.”
There will be limits to his ability to spend, however, as the Government is still running a substantial budget deficit.
2010年六月至八月期間，非洲撒海爾區發生飢荒。
César was personally informed of Pompey's actions by Curio, who at that time had finished his term in office.
在故鄉澳大利亞到達職業巔峰後，蓋耶於1984年回到洛杉磯定居，一心一意進入當地音樂界。
在那兒的時候，吉卜林也與在南海與崔絲一同上船的佛羅倫薩葛拉德相遇，並且墜入愛河（當時崔絲已返回了南海）。
"This is a disaster for pain patients," Mailis said in an interview Thursday with CBC News.
The Viguier and La Conte districts contain the majority of the city's social housing, where the population is mainly made up of immigrants or those of immigrant origin.
”我們面臨很多競爭，而我們認為政權轉移能對此局面有所幫助，”喬治城商業改善會主席喬·斯頓雷說道。
她還被指控試圖殺死她兩歲大的女兒。
俄羅斯帝國匯集了不同民族，這些民族在第一次世界大戰之前就已經有了分離的明顯跡象。
He told the BBC’s Andrew Marr Show: “A general election is frankly the last thing that the Government wants.”
她發現向小說轉型很容易，並且解釋道：“每一本書都是一個學習曲線，你必須保持開放的心態。”
Historian David Crouch suggests that Stephen abandoned from the challenge around this time to focus on other issues.
這兩個人靠惡作劇打入了北朝鮮的高爾夫錦標賽，布里斯班的新聞節目NineNews報導說。
Barón de Claret, the only one in Government with a noble title.
另一方面，Vine是一個六秒鐘的藝術。
喬治為他兄弟們的道德淪喪而震驚。
At the heart of the conflict was the question of whether Kansas would enter the Union as a free state or slave state.
它帶有一個小型環礁湖，但是已經乾涸。
在他們的回程上，他們抱著住在南美洲的想法，這樣能夠遠離比利時戰後的煩事。
The first and foremost was the Ohio River, which flowed into the Mississippi River.
It was declared a wildlife sanctuary in 1975.
"Snowman didn't think anything of Johnny Carson getting a step ladder and sitting back to front on him," he adds.
But they can at least lay booby-traps to confuse and deter – a concept known as “active defence”.
當然，這是選舉，不是“權力的遊戲”。
這項為期10週的課程已經被英國情報機構GCHQ“認證”了。
At greater wind speeds, some particles are lifted into the air stream.
Golden Age Spanish or Early Modern Spanish is the variant of the language that constitutes the transition from Medieval Spanish to Modern Spanish.
Or is it an expensive standard or prepayment tariff?
南非幾乎已經無路可退，而我們必須具備同樣的鬥志。
George was deeply devout and spent hours in prayer, but his piety was not shared by his brothers.
"Pair prank their way into North Korean golf tournament," read Brisbane's Nine News.
當它們降落地面後，它們會擊中其他顆粒並有可能將其彈入空中，形成連鎖反應。
It was completed rather late in the war; although a number of B-29s were equipped with Eagle and it worked well, it came too late to make much difference.
"Tonight we are carrying out punishments using a high beam," the post reads.
The article by Thompson assumes that the Maya were ultimately “peaceful” people since they lacked apparent defenses.
A witness told police that the victim had attacked the suspect in April.
They had been so moved by the beauty of the Rudyard Lake area that when their first child was born they referenced it when naming him.
The displaced nuns were moved to the Eibingen cloister.
在《翼和祈禱》（1992年）中，他和“盜用輪”樂隊的隊友艾根再一次合作了幾首歌曲。
Aldrin has been married three times.
I asked her afterwards if she understood why people might vote for Trump.
但有旅行專家警告說，飛機飛行時配置的空中網絡往往不可靠，而且不太可能影響旅客對航空公司的選擇。
阿迪達斯通過用漂浮在世界各地的廢料製造鞋子來協助清理海洋。
After some genius surgery and a lot of very tough rehab, I have made a full recovery.
同時，對尼羅河的額外控制促進了傑濟拉島和城市海濱一帶的發展。
The king did not take special precautions during his escape and was recognized multiple times during his stays.
1976年，賽馬場已經不再使用；1990年，一場大火吞噬了木製看台，其餘部分也在之後和馬厩一起被拆毀了。
1566年，由約400名貴族成員組成的聯盟向巴拿馬總督瑪格麗特遞交了請願，要求在餘部返回前中止迫害行動。
在北卡羅萊納州於2013年通過了嚴格的投票權利法案後，坎貝爾來到教堂附近，教人們如何應對他們註冊的困難。
Cuaron, whose last film was the Oscar-winning Gravity, was reportedly not on set at the time of the incident.
這也推動了現代高樓大廈的出現，比如夢幻般的曼谷最高的建築大京都大廈（MahaNakhon）。
香港被割讓給英國，包括上海和廣州在內的五個港口向英國開放貿易和居住權。
目前，分析人士在猶豫要不要為過世的人註銷服務。
"雖然美國的許多數字化轉型都是史無前例的，但權力的和平轉移卻存在先例，”奧巴馬的特別助理科瑞·舒爾曼在周一發布的博客中寫道。
However, the friendship has fallen apart due to unofficial collaborations between the two, which has given rise to legal disputes.
“More people are turning to credit … While this borrowing might be manageable now, a sudden change in circumstances could lead to debt problems.”
兩位承認自己高爾夫打得很爛的澳大利亞人蒙混過關進入了北朝鮮的高爾夫超級錦標賽。
或者說，這是一個昂貴的標準還是預付款收費制？
“我以前喜歡五彩繽紛的顏色”，他說。
In 1839, China found itself fighting the First Opium War with Great Britain after the Governor-General of Hunan and Hubei, Lin Zexu, banned the foreign trade of opium.
這項條約將去客戶家的路途時間包含在工作時長內。
關於這一點，週六中午在摩洛哥將會有一項日程，屆時發達國家可以相互就對方的計劃和抱負公開提問。
Artists reach people at their heart; it’s the only time we meet in one place and put our differences aside.
唐納德·特朗普（Donald Trump）是一個自負、傲慢、有權有勢的人，他只關心他自己，他那種喜怒無常的性格對美國有害無益。
我們看到很多很多國家，特別是像巴西丶南非丶印度和中國等大型新興排放國家，逐漸擔負起了減少溫室氣體排放中的責任，Guilbeault說。
Warning that the NHS was now under "enormous pressure," he urged the public to take more responsibility for their own health.
You end up listening more acutely for the next noise and getting more irritated when it comes.
Not long ago he was divorced from the actress, Gloria Holden, but carried the torch after the marital rift.
And with China set to become the world's biggest aviation market in the next decade, the show is an opportunity for Beijing to demonstrate its ambitions in civil aviation as well as defence.
In 1882, a telegraphic system equipped with 34 fire alarm signals was put in operation.
The review is also investigating inflammatory Facebook posts from September, alleged to come from police officers in the northern Ontario city.
The name "Caribbean" derives from the Caribs, one of the dominant Native American groups in the region at the time of European contact during the late 15th century.
I was asked by the officers, in their inimitably dumb way, whether I knew the writer Günter de Bruyn and whether we are intellectual relatives.
"最新的事件"很可能是指10月21日的攻擊，該攻擊令熱門網站例如Reddit，Twitter和Spotify，以及很多其他網站都掛了。
He also discussed the federalization of the City of Buenos Aires, the extension of the commercial code and the appointment of new generals to the army.
He added: "This has been one step in a long journey of finding the right combination for male hormonal contraception."
The Mate 9 phones lack an artificial intelligence interface, like the Google Assistant or Apple's Siri.
一旦官方的派對照片被發布，社交媒體就會發表評論-而且它們都是不太受歡迎的。
Adnan Z. Amin, General Director of the International Organization for Renewable Energies (IRENA) is certain: "Offshore wind power can become the top power generator in a global economy that is free of coal-based energy."
為了娛樂大眾，在1925年建了一個露天劇場在聖·邁克爾教堂前的大台階上，此劇場現在仍在吸引各種各樣的觀眾。
但是，為了參加南意大利的商業會務，皮洛士不得不離開了西西里。
News of the company’s deceit - which had run for years - wiped tens of billions of euros from VW's value and cost chief executive Martin Winterkorn his job.
There's also an option to send emoji, GIFs, custom memes and stickers via the platform, and connect your Twitter feed.
Unlike that of the 28th of October, Mr. Comey's letter has hardly been commented upon.
By 1563, the population of Venice had dropped to about 168,000 people.
這需要評估。
The Dutch students have yet to decide if they will be commercializing their electric motorcycle.
On the 1st January 49 BC, Marco Antonio read a declaration from Caesar in which the proconsul declared himself a friend of peace.
She also took advantage of her personal connections with many government scientists, who supplied her with confidential information.
The latest figures relate to the 24th of October last year, and tell us that our diesel costs 1,335 euros per litre, compared with the eurozone average of 1,165 euros.
這個島嶼的調查與考察工作正在繼續。
目前的逮捕行為是“繼續對我們耍的一種把戲”，艾達（Dündar）說道。
大流士十分賞識的司令官美伽巴佐斯負責實現征服巴爾幹的目標。
從明治天皇開始，人們習慣稱一位天皇在位的期間為一個紀元；在天皇死後，則以天皇在位的年號稱呼天皇。
荷蘭學生還沒決定是否要將電動摩托車商業化。
To modern audiences, most of whom will have little experience of frontline conflict, Doss’s feats belong to the realm of the unimaginable.
But one travel expert warned in-flight internet was often unreliable and was unlikely to influence travellers' airline choices.
把時間快進到2016年，這會越來越值得我們去關注。
By this time, extravagant spending and a string of bad investments by her investors had left her nearly broke.
But it only came forward after the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency alerted the world to the issue.
他在2015年十月——醜聞被揭露後的那個月——被提拔為主席。
Reagan believed that God had spared his life so that he might go on to fulfill a greater purpose.
The smartphone generation received an app it deserved, where, in the best case scenario, the most idiotic situation received an audience of millions.
Trudeau will extend that invitation to the 45th president of the United States, whoever he or she may be.
第一小時的工作時間差不多是45分鐘左右。
In Europe, before the outbreak of the war, the Allies had significant advantages in both population and economics.
根據《新約》記載，在保羅皈依的約十七年後，他在科林斯停留了八個月。
The contaminants not only attack the undeveloped lungs of the little ones; they can also lead to long-term impairment in the development of the adolescent brain.
決定學習戲劇後，溫斯頓進入了哈默史密斯的科羅娜戲劇學院。
His more unusual accolades include global ambassador for New York City Health and Hospitals Corporation, and a place at Harvard Business School.
However, it was too oriented to small posts in the West and not as well-prepared for an overseas conflict.
Because series 1 is no longer the old one, many users can save 100 euros.
藝術家從心靈上接近人；只有那個時候，我們才能擯除分歧與成見，真正共處。
The president of the Community of Madrid, Cristina Cifuentes, represents the most conservative, while leaders of the party, such as the Sectorial Under-Secretary, Javier Maroto, represent the most progressive.
至八世紀末，摩拉維亞公國在當今的摩拉維亞東南部、斯洛伐克西南Záhorie地區以及奧地利下部形成。
1839年兩湖總督林則徐禁止鴉片貿易之後，中國不得不面對英國發起的第一次鴉片戰爭。
In a recent interview, Zay and Zayion described recording their version of “Knuck If You Buck” on a home laptop.
到1340年，開羅人口已達將近五十萬，使之成為中國西邊最大的城市。
The inner part of the region is flat and hilly, with no clear distinction between one area to the next.
和許多社會主義者一樣，Pedro Sánchez在Évole項目中表示西班牙是萬民之邦。
黃金時代的西班牙語和早期現代西班牙語是從中世紀西班牙語向現代西班牙語轉型的變種語言。
Miami Bass producers were clinical in the art of moving butts—their main concern.
它於4至6月在墨西哥海岸舉行。
這次擬定為羅馬法、羅馬共和國的建立以及習慣法建立了基礎。
The promise of new Royal Navy orders to secure the Clyde shipbuilding industry was made before the Scottish independence referendum in 2014.
高管們也收到因其成功或超出預期的所謂“績效工資”，共享$150萬，每人平均大約$15000元。
Afterwards, browse at the morning market (6.30-10am): rice lollipops, wasp cocoons (the pupae are considered a delicacy), buffalo lung, betel-nut bark and leaves, live toads and catfish.
One of his last means of placing pressure on Hungary was the threat of imposing general and free elections.
Disney won another Honorary Academy Award, which consisted of one full-sized and seven miniature Oscar statuettes.
也有源於芬蘭語並獨立演化的語言，如瑞典的托爾訥河谷芬蘭語(Meänkieli)以及挪威的克溫斯語(Kven)。
In spring 1948, in hopes of adapting Tintin for the cinema, the Belgian artist wrote a letter to Walt Disney, asking in vain for his support.
Just over 70% of the plants grown from Earth seeds were alive after 17 days - just slightly more than the plants grown from space seeds - just over 66%.
It was here they stole a small canoe left by the Australian Aborigines of the region.
共和黨在參議院取得了1952年以來的第一次勝利，但在眾議院卻僅僅得了34席，遠遠低於佔絕大多數席位的民主黨。
From the director's point of view, the film is a precarious balancing act, between cheery family hijinks and hard-hitting social drama.
碎片圍繞著地球的赤道形成了一個圓環，並在重力的作用下被拉到一起，形成了月亮。
中國戰敗，於1842簽訂了《南京條約》。
另外，從技術上說，鍍銅這一過程值得關注。
On one level, it works as an amiable, unpretentious heartwarmer that seems tailor-made for Sunday afternoon viewing.
電影記錄了20世紀80年代中期，卡蘭芝因大量吸食海洛而毀滅自己的職業生涯，走向墮落，並死於艾滋病的過程。
Meanwhile, additional controls of the Nile fostered development within Gezira Island and along the city's waterfront.
由於資金全部來源於伯納德·塔比的個人財產，1994年他宣布破產後，這些學校就關閉了。
But, the newly established Republic of China considered Mongolia to be part of its own territory.
非洲撒海爾區的氣候與位於北部的撒哈拉沙漠的氣候相似，但是其極端程度相對較低。
But in a break from his past rhetoric about curtailing immigration, the GOP nominee proclaimed that as president he would allow “tremendous numbers” of legal immigrants based on a “merit system.”
The exact purpose of these megaliths is still debated, but they may have constituted a Canaanite "high place" from the Middle Bronze Age, ca. 1600 B.C.E.
No longer a throwback to the Seventies, flock – or coating a surface is material – is flying again.
Trade was developed by establishing commercial outposts throughout the Mediterranean, a technique that had not been used until then.
農業用地實際上可能會因為周邊地貌的破壞而受到影響。
In 2011, Blunt was named the ambassadress of the new Yves Saint Laurent fragrance, Opium.
第一個國王是莫伊米爾一世（830-846年在位）。
The spokesman did not rule out the possibility that others would also be investigated.
展覽中，老盧卡斯·克拉納赫（Lucas Cranach the Elder）畫的兩幅畫特別引人注目。
作為尼根（Negan）（由杰弗裡·迪恩·摩根（Jeffrey Dean Morgan）飾演）最優秀的助手之一，他被給予了些許自由。
Concurrently in the mid-1970s, Starlin contributed a cache of stories to the independently published science-fiction anthology Star Reach.
第三個系統在尤卡坦半島的後古典時期被應用。
我必須向安迪（Andy）道賀——成為世界冠軍是一個令人難以置信的成就，這位美國人說道。
During the first century of development, Spanish dominance in the region remained undisputed.
他在137次國際比賽中進了71次球，創下德國足協（DFB）的進球記錄。
2015年8月30這一天，互聯網被一群鴨子佔據了。
Much of the debate, from the Democratic side this year, has been about white male identity.
其警察隊伍包括一個負責巡邏和監管船隻的特別單元。
Phrased another way: young males (who make up the vast majority of combatants in civil wars) are less likely to join a rebellion if they are getting an education or have a comfortable salary, and can reasonably assume that they will prosper in the future.
裡面有馬丁·路德·金（Martin Luther King, Jr.）的紀念碑。
儘管今天上午有照片發布，但B.C.的警方表示，他們對這個顯然無家可歸而被控致命刺傷阿伯茨福德高中的年輕女孩的人有疑問多於答案。
13世紀期間，一些作家用阿普利亞來稱呼意大利半島南部。
The executive branch consists of a Minister of State as the head of government, who presides over a five-member Council of Government.
不擬定捕撈上限，“凱爾特海的鱈魚可能會滅絕”，一位歐盟官員說道。
這家韓國公司最初以為電池故障是罪魁禍首，因而替代自己的組件改用第三方電源單元。
From the 16th century, Europeans visiting the Caribbean region identified the "South Sea" (the Pacific Ocean, to the south of the isthmus of Panama) as opposed to the "North Sea" (the Caribbean Sea, to the north of the same isthmus).
Its annual budget is more than $1.4 billion, and it employs more than 6,000 people.
On the other hand, Vine was art in six seconds.
審查處理了所有令人不快的言論；但也讓公共生活變得乎無法參與。
這將增加新限制在曾經發生在地球上並毀滅了許多物種（不僅是恐龍）自然環境變化上。
B.C.警方說，早前克萊恩似乎並沒有犯罪歷史，並發布了關於他最近的行踪模糊的細節。
第一版只印了3000份。
In June to August 2010 famine struck the Sahel.
"Loving" opens with Richard and Mildred already a couple, eliding over a courtship that would have been interesting to see, if only in brief.
另外，政府還需要對付另一個“燙手山芋”。
An example of a desert island would be the small islands off the coast of Baja California, Mexico.
In Hong Kong's High Court, two years later, Jutting appeared largely composed.
到了3世紀時，卡瑞卡拉皇帝提出了一個新的分區，但僅存在了很短的時間。
The RSPB’s stance has also brought it into conflict with many leading conservationists, from the author of the petition, Mark Avery, to the TV presenter Chris Packham.
Many scientists say that technology to remove carbon from the air will now be needed to meet the Paris targets.
他不久前剛和女演員葛洛麗亞·霍爾登離婚，但在離婚後卻仍然愛著妻子。
Kühn can only shake his head.
The collapse of and intervention in dozens of banks lead to a flight of capital, causing businesses to go bankrupt.
當然，我也明白，必須把現代的德國和納粹政權分開來看。
1913年5月30日簽訂的《倫敦條約》無視阿爾巴尼亞的民族構成，將其主張的大部分領土分割給了巴爾幹同盟，只剩下了中央地區。
美國汽車公司的緊湊車型漫步者大獲成功，在這種激勵下，通用公司和福特公司於1960年推出了自己的小型汽車。
This retreat came as a surprise to the Austro-Prussian army, and almost all of the Danish army succeeded in completing the evacuation.
紀念幣本質上還是錢幣，但主要是為了銷售給收藏家的。
編輯惠勒斯蒂芬在工作上給了吉卜林很大壓力，但是基普林的寫作興致勢不可擋。
The early voting suggests that this time the Latin Americans will come out to vote in greater numbers, but it is unclear whether the increase will have an impact.
接下來她挑戰了衛冕冠軍的頭號种子選手莎拉·埃拉尼，但以失敗告終。
During this time, Marcelle was often left alone in the room while Piaf and Mômone were out on the streets or at the club singing.
在中世紀，大部分基督徒並沒有母語版的聖經。
雷暴較為少見，因為城市每年有雷暴報告的天數僅為七天。
But without a legislative framework, and with the grassroots origins of pot as a mood-altering folk remedy, companies are left guessing.
The Islamic citizens who have settled since the beginning of the 1960s emigrated primarily from Turkey.
從1月1日開始，汽油和柴油價格會有所上漲。
在1948年春天，帶著能把丁丁歷險記拍成電影的希望，這位比利時藝術家給華特·迪士尼寫了封信，徒勞地尋求他的幫助。
巴布亞新幾內亞經常被標記為全球性別暴力可能最嚴重的地方。
揭露這是個隕石材料的，很可能是其中高含量的銥元素。
Shenzhen's traffic police have opted for unconventional penalties before.
If they did, Premium Bonds would be indistinguishable from ordinary savings accounts.
A fundamental change in working principles was brought about by Scotsman James Watt.
中間的區域是用於觀察太陽和滿月的升起。
有人預測繁榮發展的房地產市場會遭遇不順，聯邦開支也會增加。
亞馬遜，超過了美孚公司，成為了第四家擁有最大市場佔有量的美國公司。
He’s spoken in favour of torture.
所以，能夠挽救它並把它變為墨西哥的新形式及新傳統是極好的。
In May, Czech border guards shot two Sudeten German farmers who were trying to cross the border into Czechoslovakia without stopping for border controls.
In 2010, the foundation released a typeset edition of “Zettel’s Traum,” removing the bar to entry for those who balked at the draft-like feel of the photo-offset.
In addressing the Cabinet shortly after German forces crossed the border, Chamberlain placed blame on both Germany and Austria.
Shen Kuo soon impressed Wang Anshi with his skills and abilities as an administrator and government agent.
在荷蘭，當局用技術含量較低的方法來追踪無人機。
Like many people I know, I’ve spent recent months staying up late, reading polls in terror.
Perhaps it won’t matter as I won’t be troubled long.
為了避免茉莉公主出現類似的尷尬局面，電影製片人最後決定在一個工作室內製作動畫。
"We are moving in the right direction: the Paris Agreement will slow climate change, as will the recent Kigali Amendment to reduce HFCs," said Erik Solheim, head of UN Environment.
The Greek city-state of Athens in the 5th century BC, which was dependent on grain imports from Scythia, maintained critical alliances with cities which controlled the straits, such as the Megarian colony Byzantium.
接著建立了第二個阿普利亞和卡拉布里亞皇家區，同時也包括薩謨奈、部分莫利塞地區和巴西利卡塔東部。
美國股票期貨不斷上漲，升幅超過一個百分點，與歐洲市場齊平。
An investor with average luck and £10,000 in bonds could expect to receive £125 in prizes per year.
“I visit the degree shows at Northampton University to spot new talent,” he says.
道明會牧師海因里希·克雷默是薩爾茲堡大主教的助理。
2007年最成功的電影是由亞尼斯·斯瑪拉迪斯導演的《葛雷柯》。
聯盟最近鬥志昂揚，並且在好幾個場合下要求廢除Fátima Báñez引以為豪的立法決定。
賴特是新生代導演加斯·詹寧斯的朋友，在他的電影《銀河系漫遊指南》及《第二滴血》中客串演出。
新法蘭西尚未穩定的較舊區域也修建了堡壘。
根據勞動部有關最惡劣童工形式的研究報導稱，在五至十四歲的兒童中有56%為童工；在七至十四歲的兒童中近53%處於半工半學的狀態。
“Beijing believes its intervention is necessary to prevent a continued legislative paralysis in the city,” he said.
While air mass identification was originally used in weather forecasting during the 1950s, climatologists began to establish synoptic climatologies based on this idea in 1973.
Students at LUISS University were told during the course of a meeting which took place in Rome.
馬其頓軍隊一直行進到把希臘一分為二的溫泉關，卻並不打算佔領它，因為該處有雅典、斯巴達以及亞加亞聯軍的重兵守護。
更高的男子高中入讀率、人均收入及經濟增長率都對降低發生內戰的機率有著重大的影響。
但是，當我建議她去找法蘭克（Frank）當她的模特時，她大笑。
Despite the release of a photo this morning, police in B.C. say they have more questions than answers about an apparently homeless man charged in the fatal stabbing of a teen girl at her Abbotsford high school.
那麽澳大利亞的立場是甚麽？
The Ottomans wanted to prevent grain from being further transported because they had a great need for it.
在公告牌二百強上佔據第96位之後，《以為你知道》在英國登上了第31位，但是專輯僅僅上榜了兩週。
1987 was proclaimed the "Year of the River" by the Lord Mayor of Brisbane at the time, Sallyanne Atkinson.
"These estimates coincide with the percentages of new condos entering the rental market upon completion, indicating the important role (domestic) investors play in the GTA housing market."
Cultic remains discovered at the site were a row of ten large standing stones, known as massebot, oriented north-south, the tallest of which was 3 meters high, with an altar-type structure in the middle, and a large, square, stone basin.
Day three, I was back on the EMicro.
This clause included the time taken to travel to clients' homes in working hours.
很明顯：在避孕方面，男人應付更多責任。
Meanwhile, Bank of Scotland customers earn 3% on balances of £3,000-£5,000 when they add the free Vantage option to their account.
十個成年人中有四個曾因糟糕的天氣而受傷，而十個中有九個低估了英國冬天的寒冷程度。
他們的成績屬於4年級的全國平均水平，且優於8年級的全國平均水平。
Thematically, Jasmine also represents civil rights, racial tolerance, social hierarchy, as well as life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness.
Durán acts as spokesman and Ángel Pintado as treasurer.
花費為1365歐元每升，這個價格大幅超過了使用單一貨幣國家的平均價格。
瓦倫蒂諾試圖讓角色擺脫作為一個阿拉伯人的典型形象。
單為遊行服務的志願者就有1200名，岡薩雷斯·阿納亞（González Anaya）說道。
拉瑪爾和曼德爾一起參加商務會議，在會議中，他和科學家以及其他專業人士一起探討軍事技術。
On Tuesday, the United States of America could elect the first female president in its history.
羅馬第三大學的四名學生髮明出了一種通過預測司機行動來“讀心”的摩托車頭盔。
Outside the extreme northwest, the taiga is dominant, covering a significant fraction of the entirety of Siberia.
無論規則是什麼，在這些搏鬥中通常會導致其中一匹種馬死亡。
If a Turkish employee quits, then the Turkish work councils come.
他們就是在這裡偷了一艘該地區澳洲原住民留下的獨木舟。
The central space was used to observe the rising of the sun and full moon.
但是，建築能建立生者與死者之間的橋樑，並某種程度上模糊他們之間的界限。
迪斯尼還發現環球影業擁有《幸運兔奧斯瓦》的知識產權。
一些基督教學者批評托爾的學說，但是其他人則讚賞有加。
First, we must educate people on how to protect themselves better online.
棲息地的破壞極大地增加了一個地區面對自然災害時的脆弱性，例如洪水、乾旱、作物失收、疾病傳播和水資源污染。
Her reason is that it provides insufficient protection to American workers whose jobs and living standards it might harm.
Rona developed an enhanced method of preparing polonium sources and producing alpha-emissions.
The latter is overseeing the Republican primaries, in which Rachida Dati supports Nicolas Sarkozy's candidacy.
通常，中國將在本週內展示許多其他軍事硬件，如殲擊機和海上飛機等。
This was the coup de grâce and encouragement the settlers needed to get their independence.
The festive dedication took place on April 30, 1955.
回到拉合爾之後，1886年11月至1887年6月期間，在公報上發表了三十九篇故事。
戰爭期間，美國經常用珍珠港事件來宣傳。
確保了馬其頓邊境的安全之後，菲利普召集了一個龐大的馬其頓軍隊深入色雷斯，開始了長久的征服戰。
Trump's wife, Melania Trump, made her first appearance on the trail since the Republican convention in July.
"But it may be that BA and IAG have cracked it and can offer something vaguely reliable."
2012年6月，冰島樂隊“勝利的玫瑰”發佈單曲“四台鋼琴”視頻，主演拉博夫裸體出鏡。
岡特的約翰死於1399年。
對議案提出了建議，同時對數碼技術提出了問題的法國數字委員會，也可以對其進行詳細檢查。
Founded in 1925 as games for everyman, the open air theater on the great steps in front of St. Michael still attracts a diverse public.
科隆和不來梅分別授予了韋斯（Weiss）文學獎的殊榮。
但是，如果沒有法律框架，靠著大麻作為一種能緩解情緒的民間的療法的這個草根的起源，那麼公司就只能猜測。
These are not very popular due to the often remote and roadless locations.
沙塵暴通常在沙漠邊緣形成，而不是在沙漠裡，因為那裡更微小的塵埃都已被吹走。
發言人沒有排除其他人也可能被調查的可能性。
Pedro Sánchez, like many other socialists, said in the programme Évole that Spain is a nation of nations.
If his Democrat opponent were to be elected, he assured that she would be 'under investigation for years'.
或許這並不重要，因為離我擺脫困擾的日子不遠了。
Australia, hardened by their recent games in the Rugby Championship, were in a higher gear.
Furthermore, the occurrence of hurricanes on the island is possible during the summer.
Blindleia運河是一個由礁石保護起來的水路，從挪威南部的克里斯蒂安鬆開始，穿過利勒桑蜿蜒而行。
Using Alvarez's dipole antenna to achieve a very high angular resolution, GCA allows ground-based radar operators watching special precision displays to guide a landing airplane to the runway by transmitting verbal commands to the pilot.
在該地區不是所有轉變都是成功的。
This has not stopped investors flocking to put their money in the funds.
Moreover, many of the Macedonian and Persian elite intermarried.
全球板塊構造力的影響形成了東非大裂谷，乞力馬扎羅山和肯尼亞山位於東非，它們是非洲最高的兩個山峰。
It is no surprise that the federal and state governments have classified the National Natural Heritage as a nation-wide endeavor of the highest priority and have documented it starting in 2005 in a coalition contract.
這是拉費蒂和休·墨菲一起創作的最後兩首單曲，後者於1998年去世。
維勒訥沃艦隊的堵塞導致了侵略英倫三島的計劃，另一方面也是因為大陸出現了新的發展。
That’s just legitimately horrendous.
Sails are not represented in prehistoric Mesoamerican iconography or texts, instead, it is theorized that canoes were used as a primary mode of water transportation for the ancient Maya.
A proper theology would therefore have to be constructed in the light of its future goal.
湯普遜的文章認為瑪雅人是非常“平和”的民族，因為他們缺乏明顯的抵抗措施。
The Yerba Buena Garden was built at the beginning of the 1990s on the roof of the Moscone North Convention Center.
And what about Australia’s position?
此外，他加強了埃及和亞洲之間的防衛，在東三角洲地區建造了大公牆。
唐納德·特朗普的勝利會立刻令世界比現在變得更令人擔憂丶更動盪。
These were almost completely forgotten until after Smith's death.
The new spending is fueled by Clinton’s large bank account.
In the corner is a girl in a headscarf and jeans who looks so unassuming I think it’s another assistant.
畢竟，我們的組織績效並不是靠我們有多安全和遵守了多少法規這兩方面來衡量的。
傳統是要選出一個主題來，因為住在帕爾馬的皈依猶太教的人數眾多。
從導演的角度來看，這部電影處在歡樂的家庭鬧劇和沈重的社會戲劇之間的的不穩定平衡。
據說，互聯網的成果是該單位資本支出的主要驅動力。
但可能英國航空和國際航空集團已經破解了它，並可提供一些大致上可靠的信息。
Nicolai和藝名為Metti的Morricone在很多電影原聲上有所合作；有的作品是他們兩個人共同合作完成的。
“When I’m playing him, I feel powerful,” the Donald Trump impersonator John Di Domenico explained to Slate last year.
埋在100米（328英尺）深的平壤鐵路是世界上埋的最深的交通系統之一。
Lamarr's earliest inventions include an improved traffic stoplight and a tablet that would dissolve in water to create a carbonated drink.
The Industrial Revolution created a demand for metal parts used in machinery.
The Treaty of London, signed on 30 May 1913, partitioned significant part of territory claimed by Albania, regardless its ethnic composition, between the Balkan allies reducing the territory of Albania to its central regions.
克里斯托弗·哥倫佈於1492年發現了美洲之後，是用西班牙詞Antillas來命名這片土地的；因此在各種歐洲語言中，“Sea of the Antilles”成為了它們共通的“加勒比海”代名詞。
卡隆的上一部影片是奧斯卡獲獎影片“地心引力”，據說他在事故發生時不在片場。
德國軍隊穿過邊境之後，張伯倫在對內閣的發言中把責任歸咎於德國和奧地利。
Investigation and expeditions to the island continue.
費德里克·費里尼曾經說過：“小丑之於人性就如同影子之於常人。”
這裡有許多史前手工加工品，包括一些不同的紀念碑和石製墓塚。
U.S. stock futures are surging by more than 1%, alongside European markets.
這一代智能手機能接收到一款很適用於本機的應用程序，在最好的情況下，這一愚蠢至極的情況為其贏得數百萬的買家。
This department now faces new challenges.
George was appalled by what he saw as their loose morals.
It specifically discusses in several passages the socially and culturally degenerative effects of war on humanity itself.
Buried 100 meters (328 feet) underground, the Pyongyang Metro is one of the deepest commuter systems in the world.
國際特赦組織表示，根據2008年以來的報紙文章顯示，有50個人由於被指控會巫術而被殺害。
他警告說，現在國民保健署正處於“巨大的壓力”之下，並敦促公眾為他們自己的健康承擔更多的責任。
Charles, despite his harsh actions, had been seen as a ruler empathetic to the needs of the Netherlands.
Barrie enrolled at the University of Edinburgh where he wrote drama reviews for the Edinburgh Evening Courant.
公元前49年1月1日，馬克·安東尼宣布了一封來自凱撒的宣言，其中表示地方總督宣布和他建立和平的友誼關係。
利用阿爾瓦雷茨的偶極天線，地面控制進場系統能夠取得很高的角坐標分辨率，從而使得地面雷達控制員能夠通過觀察高精度顯示器，向飛行員發送語音指令，指引正在著陸的飛機進入跑道。
The islands are located at the Indo-Australian Fault; the Fault arose due to the collision of the Indian and Australian plates.
His official biography also claims that Kim composed six operas and enjoys staging elaborate musicals.
At the end of the 8th century, the Moravian Principality came into being in present-day south-eastern Moravia, Záhorie in south-western Slovakia and parts of Lower Austria.
During his time there, Kipling also met and fell in love with Florence Garrard who was boarding with Trix at Southsea (to which Trix had returned).
"There is still a 'yuk' factor to the whole idea of buying and wearing other people's body parts," she says.
Both the time and the sequence of events of this incident were vigorously discussed.
在這種情況下，反貿易是合理的。
在第二次美塞尼亞戰爭期間，斯巴達在伯羅奔尼撒及希臘的其他地方成為了一個本地勢力。
Once Hans Pettersson was able to secure funds to pay Rona's expenses, Joliot-Curie allowed her to come and study polonium separation at the Curie Institute in Paris.
He chose not to seek a third term in the following election cycle.
沈括使用了原創的技術，成功疏通了運河，並展示了淤積物具有極佳的肥料價值。
輔音漸變是芬蘭語和北部薩米人方言的共同特徵，但在被認為具有不同語言歷史的南部薩米方言中則不存在此特徵。
Not everyone can rise above it.
當西格爾描述俄羅斯在克里米亞（已於2014年被吞併）的行動時，他將之描述為“非常合理”，因而登上了新聞頭條。
他在塞薩利擊敗了敵人；公元352年，他牢牢掌握了該地區。
這最多是出於天真，最壞的情況是這會導致射擊場再次藉機推卸責任。
There are parallels to draw here between games and our everyday lives.
克里斯蒂安·沃爾瑪爾將在12月1日參賽，他寫過不少關於鐵路歷史的書。
阿爾瓦雷茨最為知名的成就當屬名為地面控制進場系統的雷達系統，該系統在航空領域中，尤其是在戰後的柏林空運中，發揮了關鍵作用。
Still, there are questions left unanswered.
在21世界初，每10萬居住人口中有5名醫生。
On the other hand, Ms. Clinton's relations with the continent over the past twenty years leave much to be desired.
In theory, if done right, it’s un-detectable.
當前的土地開墾項目包括對芳特維耶區進行擴建這一項。
Medicine was also studied, especially in southern Italy, where Islamic medicine influenced the school at Salerno.
迦南人的城市在大火中被焚毀，時間約在埃及法老圖特摩斯三世發起一系列戰役之時。
The intervention is potentially the most far-reaching by Beijing since the 1997 handover of Hong Kong from the UK.
France doesn't have a good reputation.
In spite of them, not everyone in the party understood the messages that the president tried to send to them yesterday.
Leaders of companies such as Spotify, Tesla, Uber and Snapchat will attend a private event in addition to the Mountain View Summit.
In Danish, the word may even apply to shallow lagoons.
博格達汗稱蒙古和中國在清朝時均由滿族統治，但清朝於1911年滅亡後，蒙古順從於滿族的協議就已失效。
五月，捷克邊境士兵槍殺了蘇台德地區兩個德國農民，他們在試圖穿過邊境進入捷克斯洛伐克時拒絕接受邊境檢查。
Louis Post Dispatch called it one of LaBeouf's best performances.
As early as 1926, Meyer had written to Irène Joliot-Curie suggesting that Rona work with her to learn how his laboratory could make their own polonium samples.
由於中國將在未來十年內成為全球最大的航空市場，此次展會將是北京在民用航空以及國防方面展示野心的機會。
He stands alone in front of the audience and, ultimately, he has to bring out the best of himself in order to make the audience laugh.
包括土著群體在內的許多人都認為，他們輕視了原住民文化。
She starred in the 2012 film The Five-Year Engagement, directed by Nicholas Stoller and co-starring Jason Segel.
如果當年是引入了特殊閏月的話，後一個日期只能是一個週五，但這獲得了牛頓的支持。
特魯多將延長對美國第45任總統的要求，無論總統是誰。
We have a great squad and it is an opportunity for us to take the ship forward.
"There should be no preferential access to government, or appearance of preferential access, accorded to individuals or organizations because they have made financial contributions to politicians and political parties," the guidelines read.
聯邦政府主動報告每個部門的總績效工資和獎金水平，但最新的網上信息發布是2013-2014-過時兩年了。
The good numbers in Asia promptly pushed the stock markets up.
1987年，多瑙河上運輸的貨物數量上升至約一億噸。
在1917年俄國革命後，一些國家，如芬蘭、波蘭及波羅的海諸國，贏得了獨立。
The constituency is in the council area of North Kesteven, where 62% of voters backed leaving the EU.
It's the election, of course, not "Game of Thrones."
在過去的兩天內，這導致至少另外六名魁北克省記者被當做了省警察監視行動的目標這件事被揭發。
There are many prehistoric artifacts, including several different menhirs and dolmens.
As a result, Trump isn't very worried about the Latin American vote at a national level.
Production of the smartphone model was completely discontinued.
但是，新成立的中華民國認為蒙古是其領土的一部分。
部隊在古巴的戰鬥中表現優秀。
最後，我們必須使人們更容易報告可疑的漏洞和惡意的電子郵件。
他也表示，“這樣一份文件的存在可能會帶來讓人難以接受的後果。”
新的鐵元素指導方針意味著需要更多的捐獻者。
The Disibodenberg cloister was disbanded and fell into ruin as a result of the Reformation.
Despite this, they both seem to have held at least parts of lower Egypt.
On one occasion, it is implied he is an undercover agent whose target is Homer.
六大國沒有滿足承認阿爾巴尼亞的請求。
20世紀中，1904年到1914年之間，安東尼奧·高迪帶來了一場持續了十年的改革。
在角落有一個戴頭巾、穿牛仔褲，看起來特別謙遜的女孩，我覺得她應該是另一個助手。
The 10-week course has been "certified" by UK spy agency GCHQ.
在1914年的長途征程中，船長歐內斯特·沙克爾頓爵士及其船員共28人乘坐英國船隻“堅毅號”準備橫穿南極。
緊隨其後的是英傑華投資公司（the Aviva Investors）的多元目標收益型基金（Multi Strategy Target Return)和多元高收益型基金(Income funds），投資人分別投資了20億英鎊和14億英鎊。
The consulted sources have said that it is "100% Cospedal".
他獨自一人面對觀眾，最終，他要拿出自己的最大本事來逗他們笑。
Iron is an essential element the body requires to produce hemoglobin, the protein found in red blood cells that's responsible for transporting oxygen to tissues in the body.
It relied on volunteers and state militia units, which faced logistical, training and food problems in the staging areas in Florida.
她接到了好幾個劇本、電視廣告和舞台劇，但是沒一個讓她感興趣。
然而，他們未能在諸如膀胱的組織中找到相同的趨勢，它們並沒有直接暴露出聯繫。
Given that Herod was in Jerusalem at that time, Pilate decided to send Jesus to Herod to be tried.
在接下來的選舉週期中，他選擇放棄第三次連任。
隨後他在布什大樓為BBC世界廣播電台工作了4年。
關於宗教活動這方面，菲奧雷洛在英國聖公會內接受教育，並在餘生內都是新教的一員。
What started as a routine ultrasound became complicated when expectant mother Margaret Boemer, of Plano, Texas, was told her unborn child had a rare condition and needed surgery to survive.
More than 5.7 million Floridians have already hit the polls after about two weeks of in-person early voting.
“在華盛頓和林肯執政期間，我根本不知道G.D.P增長是什麼，但是在這些方面的體制發展產生了大而持久的影響。”
Consonant gradation is a feature in both Finnish and northern Sami dialects, but it is not present in south Sami, which is considered to have a different language history.
Researchers have been investigating potential for male hormonal contraceptives for around 20 years.
後者在監督共和黨的黨內初選，在那次初選中瑞啟達·達利對尼古拉斯·薩科齊表示了支持。
But, when I suggest that she get Frank to model for her, she laughs.
Darius's highly regarded commander Megabazus was responsible to fulfill the conquers in the Balkans.
1988年10月4日和1993年3月19日，溫斯頓兩次宣布破產。
Her 1981 album Wild West was one of her biggest sellers.
And by 2007, at the height of its popularity (and, perhaps, Knightley's) it was a top 50 name, with three times more babies named Keira than Kiera.
Spain had expelled its Sephardic population in 1492; many of these Spanish Jews left Spain for Portugal but eventually were targeted there as well.
她已經84歲高齡。
Jin Ping Mei, published in 1610, although incorporating earlier material, marks the trend toward independent composition and concern with psychology.
他的夢想就是在此終結他的職業生涯。
但預計產自凱爾特海和愛爾蘭海的鱈魚、龍利魚、比目魚、鰈魚和明太魚的數量將大幅減少。
They will play on Saturday, 10 June.
Stalin had begun to encourage Abakumov to form his own network inside the MGB to counter Beria's dominance of the power ministries.
有了這個，理論上您就能隨時在您需要的時候拿到您的錢。
As of August 2015, Kesha has released little information about her upcoming third studio album.
Meanwhile, his place in tribune was occupied by Marco Antonio, who held the position until December.
在德里東南部巴達爾普爾，隨著城內的柴油發電機停運，燃煤電站也將停運10天。
It aims to take the journey time into account after deducting this from the working hours actually completed, without being able to measure the real journey time.
同年，她客串了迪士尼的《布偶大電影》，擔任豬小妹的服務員。
Catalano moved back to the area after living in London and then Glasgow, where he had studied jewellery design at Glasgow School of Art.
Most of the information about the period comes from burial sites and the grave goods contained within them.
黨衛軍軍官、帶領法蘭西民兵追殺抵抗部隊的約瑟夫·達爾南德於1945年10月被處死。
It would be much safer, Plato thought, to entrust power to carefully educated guardians.
Ramesses, logistically unable to sustain a long siege, returned to Egypt.
The multi-ethnic Achaemenid army possessed many soldiers from the Balkans.
為了獲得獨立，致命的一擊和適當的鼓勵正是移民者所需要的。
執行機構包括一名國務大臣作為政府首腦，並由其主持政府的五人理事會。
That was definitely the case for Andy when he played Benoît Paire in Monte Carlo in April.
季風是季節性的盛行風，可持續數月之久，它為地區帶來多雨的季節。
許多科學家說，目前需要去除空氣中的碳的技術來滿足巴黎的目標。
最重要的是在快速建立的區域內提供開闊的空間，作為市民和本地居民的福利。
於1916年發生的阿拉伯起義扭轉了對抗奧斯曼人的中東戰線的局勢，在此之前，奧斯曼人在戰爭開始的前兩年似乎還是佔據優勢的。
The results from this experiment provides further support that rocket seeds can be flown and stored on the International Space Station for six months without having any significant impacts on their ability to germinate and grow on Earth.
There are also languages derived from Finnish, having evolved separately, known as Meänkieli in Sweden and Kven in Norway.
為了保全克萊德造船產業，新皇家海軍在2014年蘇格蘭獨立公投之前許下下達訂單的承諾。
馮·別林斯高晉於1820年1月27日發現了南極大陸，比布蘭斯菲爾德發現大陸早了3天，比1820年11月發現大陸的帕爾馬早了10個月。
The federal government proactively reports on aggregate performance pay and bonus levels for each department, but the latest web posting is for 2013-2014 — or two years out of date.
2011年，布朗特擔任伊夫·聖·羅蘭鴉片香水代言人。
但是中國日益壯大的中產階級已經發出了非同尋常的呼聲，控訴諸如北京的大城市中的有毒空氣，這些嗆肺的霧霾日復一日，顯而易見。
Deciding to pursue drama, Winstone enrolled at the Corona Stage Academy in Hammersmith.
Police in B.C. said earlier Klein did not appear to have a criminal history and released vague details about his recent whereabouts.
另外，夏天島上有可能出現暴風雨。
2004年雅典奧林匹克運動會街道賽冠軍烏爾里希仍在追逐贏得第二塊金牌的目標。
超過330名船員在船上。
We can’t let the presidency go to Donald Trump, someone so racist, sexist and incredibly unqualified to be commander-in-chief.
雖然直至較晚的日期前（1918年），冰島仍處於丹麥的政治控制下，但在冰島語中幾乎沒有借用丹麥語的元素，也鮮有受其影響之處。
除去實行嚴厲的政策之外，查爾斯被認為是一個對荷蘭人的需求抱有同情心的統治者。
這項研究說明了這三項因素是放棄叛亂的收益指標，因此較低的放棄收益會鼓勵叛亂的發生。
Hong Kong, meanwhile, appears to be bracing for a wave of protests.
Joseph Schenck was interested in casting his wife, Norma Talmadge, opposite Valentino in a version of Romeo and Juliet.
“就像超級英雄一樣，這已經超越了人類經驗的範疇，所以我就像對待戲劇一樣對待這件事”，吉瑪（Zimmer）說。
“我們已經要求其他國家用不同種群的動物（包括豬）來幫助我們擴充動物園，”薩奇布說。
阿特靈結過三次婚。
Ms Hopley added: “The spike in political risk should not go unnoticed.”
亞太地區有三百萬至一千萬人口死於日本侵略部隊，其中中國的死亡人口最多，約有七百五十萬。
He kept on turning up at my barn and I joked to the guy that clearly he didn't want to be sold.
岩漿一般因矽含量高而較為粘稠，因此它一般無法到達地表，而是在深處冷卻。
I looked at motocross and the more I looked, this one woman’s face kept coming up, in photographs that looked as if they were from the 1970s.
Winstone met his wife, Elaine, while filming That Summer in 1979.
當時那里大約只有四十戶人家，卻有大量的耕地和牧場。
It was as though he was flicking the ball back and forth underneath three upturned cups.
帖子上寫著，我們今晚將使用高激光束進行處罰。
A mental clash gripped Herzl, between the craving for literary success and a desire to act as a public figure.
研究人員說，分析腫瘤的DNA可能有助於解釋其他癌症的成因。
她的理由是，它可能會影響美國勞工的工作和生活水平，但卻沒有為他們提供足夠保護。
As stated, the decision is the prerogative of the ECB and would appear inappropriate for the Bank to speak on its behalf by excluding the possibility of looking at other alternatives.
奧巴馬嘲笑他：“如果一個人管不好自己的推特賬號，那他也管不好核武器。”
他們將會在六月十日（週六）演出。
In the message, the former Minister for Justice accused Brice Hortefeux of being a 'fascist', 'Minister (moron) of the Interior' and a 'thug'.
It is exceptionally rich in minerals, containing large deposits of gold, diamonds, and ores of manganese, lead, zinc, nickel, cobalt and molybdenum.
但是，一些安全專家對該課程的設立及其背後的意圖提出了質疑。
"There will be protests and other things, it's all already planned," the opposition told El Mundo.
A coal-fired power station in Badarpur, south-east Delhi, will stop operating for 10 days, along with diesel generators in the city.
Another theme of the Skylark novels involves precursors of modern information technology.
Four more give the minimum and maximum declinations of the full moon: in summer, and in winter.
These plant families are still present in Papua New Guinea.
1770年格拉夫頓政府分裂，諾斯勳爵帶領的托利黨重新掌權。
從公元前8世紀開始，城邦制逐漸建立：即擁有自己的政治系統的小型自治領地制度。
Mr Osborne signed up with a US speakers agency after being sacked in July.
“We’ve requested other nations to help us populate the zoo with different species of animals, including a pig,” Saqib said.
"Physicians don't have these tools, they have only a prescription pad and an injection," Mailis said.
拉美西斯在後勤方面無法維持長時間的攻城戰，因此返回埃及。
鑑於希律當時在耶路撒冷，彼拉多決定派耶穌去希羅底那接受審訊。
But its latest effort into the workplace chat game is a part of a larger trend from tech companies.
隨著2016年總統選舉的瘋狂程度加劇，一個比廢話更令人擔憂的威脅困擾著Karel。
由親北京的立法者領導的香港政府認為，這兩個人不應該就任。
1538年，西班牙宗教裁判所告誡其教徒不能相信《女巫之槌》的所有內容。
But big reductions have also been pencilled in for cod, sole, plaice, megrim and pollack in the Celtic and Irish Seas.
他也討論了布宜諾斯艾利斯的聯邦化、商業條約的延續以及任命軍隊的新將軍的事宜。
Various private interests own the remaining land, totaling about one percent of the state.
希區柯克更喜歡和同時代最好的人才一起工作，例如電影海報設計師比爾·格德和索爾·巴斯，他們設計的海報能夠準確地表達他的電影主題。
龐培取得了兩支在卡普亞的軍隊的指揮權，並開始進行非法徵兵，這是一個預料之中的行為，但依然從向著他的凱撒軍那裡佔了不少便宜。
The RHS collected comments sent in by schoolchildren and teachers involved in the experiment.
Christian Wolmar, who has written a number of books on railway history, will stand in the contest on 1 December.
However this was reversed when Julian was killed in battle in 363.
It is possible to establish the phase of the moon on a particular day two thousand years ago but not whether it was obscured by clouds or haze.
Eon’s fixed rate tariff costs £760 and Avro Energy customers would pay around £760 for its Simple and Select tariff.
The essay, published as Undersea, was a vivid narrative of a journey along the ocean floor.
績效工資和獎金總額是150萬美元，差不多和2015-2016年一樣的水平。
他主張嚴刑。
As a steady wind begins to blow, fine particles lying on the exposed ground begin to vibrate.
He co-starred as Humphrey Bogart's younger brother, a carefree playboy, in Sabrina (1954), played by Audrey Hepburn.
人們在那裡被殺了。
正如電影所展示的那樣，深愛夫婦——特別是理查德（Richard）——是歷史上很勉強的參與者。
這奠定了融合的基礎，讓國家的經濟和法律機制可以應用到整個地中海，正如以前從拉丁姆應用到整個意大利一樣。
他還指出，Rogers最近推出了一個新的應用工具，可以幫助客戶監控其數據使用量。
每首詩歌只描述了戰爭的一部分。
